jadx/samples/RunTests.java
 jadx.samples.RunTests
 jadx.samples.RunTests$1
 jadx.samples.RunTests$TerminateTask
 jadx.samples.RunTests$TestFilter
jadx/samples/TestCF3.java
 jadx.samples.TestCF3
jadx/samples/TestUnicode.java
 jadx.samples.TestUnicode
jadx/samples/TestEnum.java
 jadx.samples.TestEnum
 jadx.samples.TestEnum$1
 jadx.samples.TestEnum$Animal
 jadx.samples.TestEnum$Direction
 jadx.samples.TestEnum$DoubleOperations
 jadx.samples.TestEnum$DoubleOperations$1
 jadx.samples.TestEnum$DoubleOperations$2
 jadx.samples.TestEnum$EmptyEnum
 jadx.samples.TestEnum$IOps
 jadx.samples.TestEnum$Numbers
 jadx.samples.TestEnum$Operation
 jadx.samples.TestEnum$Operation$1
 jadx.samples.TestEnum$Operation$2
 jadx.samples.TestEnum$Singleton
 jadx.samples.TestEnum$Types
jadx/samples/TestTypeResolver.java
 jadx.samples.TestTypeResolver
 jadx.samples.TestTypeResolver$TestTernaryInSuper
jadx/samples/TestArrays.java
 jadx.samples.TestArrays
jadx/samples/TestTypeResolver2.java
 jadx.samples.TestTypeResolver2
jadx/samples/TestStringProcessing.java
 jadx.samples.TestStringProcessing
jadx/samples/TestTryCatch.java
 jadx.samples.TestTryCatch
jadx/samples/otherpkg/D.java
 jadx.samples.otherpkg.D
 jadx.samples.otherpkg.D$E
jadx/samples/TestInner3.java
 jadx.samples.TestInner3
 jadx.samples.TestInner3$A
 jadx.samples.TestInner3$I0
 jadx.samples.TestInner3$I0$I1
 jadx.samples.TestInner3$I0$I1$1
jadx/samples/TestCF2.java
 jadx.samples.TestCF2
jadx/samples/TestImports2.java
 jadx.samples.TestImports2
 jadx.samples.TestImports2$1
 jadx.samples.TestImports2$2
 jadx.samples.TestImports2$X1
 jadx.samples.TestImports2$X2
jadx/samples/TestInner.java
 jadx.samples.TestInner
 jadx.samples.TestInner$1
 jadx.samples.TestInner$2
 jadx.samples.TestInner$3
 jadx.samples.TestInner$4
 jadx.samples.TestInner$MyException
 jadx.samples.TestInner$MyInceptionThread
 jadx.samples.TestInner$MyInceptionThread$MyThread2
 jadx.samples.TestInner$MyThread
jadx/samples/TestConditions.java
 jadx.samples.TestConditions
jadx/samples/TestAnnotationsParser.java
 jadx.samples.TestAnnotationsParser
 jadx.samples.TestAnnotationsParser$A
 jadx.samples.TestAnnotationsParser$C1
 jadx.samples.TestAnnotationsParser$C2
jadx/samples/TestCF.java
 jadx.samples.TestCF
jadx/samples/otherpkg/A.java
 jadx.samples.otherpkg.A
 jadx.samples.otherpkg.A$B
jadx/samples/TestAnnotations.java
 jadx.samples.TestAnnotations
 jadx.samples.TestAnnotations$ClassesAnnotation
 jadx.samples.TestAnnotations$MyAnnotation
 jadx.samples.TestAnnotations$SimpleAnnotation
jadx/samples/TestInvoke.java
 jadx.samples.TestInvoke
jadx/samples/TestInnerNames.java
 jadx.samples.TestInnerNames
 jadx.samples.TestInnerNames$A
 jadx.samples.TestInnerNames$B
 jadx.samples.TestInnerNames$B$C
 jadx.samples.TestInnerNames$C
 jadx.samples.TestInnerNames$D
jadx/samples/otherpkg/C.java
 jadx.samples.otherpkg.C
 jadx.samples.otherpkg.C$E
jadx/samples/AbstractTest.java
 jadx.samples.AbstractTest
jadx/samples/TestImports.java
 jadx.samples.TestImports
 jadx.samples.TestImports$C
jadx/samples/TestCF4.java
 jadx.samples.TestCF4
jadx/samples/TestGenerics.java
 jadx.samples.TestGenerics
 jadx.samples.TestGenerics$A
 jadx.samples.TestGenerics$B
 jadx.samples.TestGenerics$Box
 jadx.samples.TestGenerics$C
 jadx.samples.TestGenerics$D
 jadx.samples.TestGenerics$GenericClass
 jadx.samples.TestGenerics$MyComparable
 jadx.samples.TestGenerics$NaturalNumber
 jadx.samples.TestGenerics$Node
 jadx.samples.TestGenerics$OrderedPair
 jadx.samples.TestGenerics$Pair
 jadx.samples.TestGenerics$TestConstructor
 jadx.samples.TestGenerics$Util
jadx/samples/TestDeadCode.java
 jadx.samples.TestDeadCode
jadx/samples/TestInitializers.java
 jadx.samples.TestInitializers
 jadx.samples.TestInitializers$1
 jadx.samples.TestInitializers$2
 jadx.samples.TestInitializers$A
 jadx.samples.TestInitializers$B
jadx/samples/TestSwitch.java
 jadx.samples.TestSwitch
jadx/samples/TestInner2.java
 jadx.samples.TestInner2
 jadx.samples.TestInner2$A
 jadx.samples.TestInner2$B
 jadx.samples.TestInner2$C
 jadx.samples.TestInner2$D
jadx/samples/TestFields.java
 jadx.samples.TestFields
 jadx.samples.TestFields$ConstFields
