jadx/api/plugins/input/insns/InsnData.java
 jadx.api.plugins.input.insns.InsnData
jadx/api/plugins/input/data/ICatch.java
 jadx.api.plugins.input.data.ICatch
jadx/api/plugins/input/data/annotations/EncodedType.java
 jadx.api.plugins.input.data.annotations.EncodedType
jadx/api/plugins/input/data/AccessFlagsScope.java
 jadx.api.plugins.input.data.AccessFlagsScope
jadx/api/plugins/input/data/annotations/AnnotationVisibility.java
 jadx.api.plugins.input.data.annotations.AnnotationVisibility
jadx/api/plugins/input/data/AccessFlags.java
 jadx.api.plugins.input.data.AccessFlags
 jadx.api.plugins.input.data.AccessFlags$1
jadx/api/plugins/JadxPlugin.java
 jadx.api.plugins.JadxPlugin
jadx/api/plugins/input/data/IResourceData.java
 jadx.api.plugins.input.data.IResourceData
jadx/api/plugins/input/insns/custom/IArrayPayload.java
 jadx.api.plugins.input.insns.custom.IArrayPayload
jadx/api/plugins/input/data/ILoadResult.java
 jadx.api.plugins.input.data.ILoadResult
jadx/api/plugins/input/data/ICodeReader.java
 jadx.api.plugins.input.data.ICodeReader
jadx/api/plugins/input/insns/Opcode.java
 jadx.api.plugins.input.insns.Opcode
jadx/api/plugins/JadxPluginManager.java
 jadx.api.plugins.JadxPluginManager
jadx/api/plugins/input/data/IMethodData.java
 jadx.api.plugins.input.data.IMethodData
jadx/api/plugins/input/data/annotations/IAnnotation.java
 jadx.api.plugins.input.data.annotations.IAnnotation
jadx/api/plugins/utils/LimitedInputStream.java
 jadx.api.plugins.utils.LimitedInputStream
jadx/api/plugins/input/data/impl/EmptyLoadResult.java
 jadx.api.plugins.input.data.impl.EmptyLoadResult
jadx/api/plugins/input/data/ILocalVar.java
 jadx.api.plugins.input.data.ILocalVar
jadx/api/plugins/input/insns/custom/ICustomPayload.java
 jadx.api.plugins.input.insns.custom.ICustomPayload
jadx/api/plugins/input/data/IDebugInfo.java
 jadx.api.plugins.input.data.IDebugInfo
jadx/api/plugins/input/data/IFieldData.java
 jadx.api.plugins.input.data.IFieldData
jadx/api/plugins/input/data/ITry.java
 jadx.api.plugins.input.data.ITry
jadx/api/plugins/input/insns/custom/ISwitchPayload.java
 jadx.api.plugins.input.insns.custom.ISwitchPayload
jadx/api/plugins/input/data/IMethodRef.java
 jadx.api.plugins.input.data.IMethodRef
jadx/api/plugins/input/data/IClassData.java
 jadx.api.plugins.input.data.IClassData
jadx/api/plugins/utils/ZipSecurity.java
 jadx.api.plugins.utils.ZipSecurity
jadx/api/plugins/input/data/annotations/EncodedValue.java
 jadx.api.plugins.input.data.annotations.EncodedValue
 jadx.api.plugins.input.data.annotations.EncodedValue$1
jadx/api/plugins/JadxPluginInfo.java
 jadx.api.plugins.JadxPluginInfo
jadx/api/plugins/input/insns/InsnIndexType.java
 jadx.api.plugins.input.insns.InsnIndexType
jadx/api/plugins/input/JadxInputPlugin.java
 jadx.api.plugins.input.JadxInputPlugin
