org/mockito/internal/matchers/CapturingMatcher.java
 org.mockito.internal.matchers.CapturingMatcher
org/mockito/MockedStatic.java
 org.mockito.MockedStatic
 org.mockito.MockedStatic$Verification
org/mockito/internal/verification/api/VerificationDataInOrder.java
 org.mockito.internal.verification.api.VerificationDataInOrder
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/answers/ReturnsElementsOf.java
 org.mockito.internal.stubbing.answers.ReturnsElementsOf
org/mockito/stubbing/Stubbing.java
 org.mockito.stubbing.Stubbing
org/mockito/runners/ConsoleSpammingMockitoJUnitRunner.java
 org.mockito.runners.ConsoleSpammingMockitoJUnitRunner
 org.mockito.runners.ConsoleSpammingMockitoJUnitRunner$1
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java
 org.mockito.internal.MockitoCore
org/mockito/junit/MockitoRule.java
 org.mockito.junit.MockitoRule
org/mockito/internal/invocation/mockref/MockStrongReference.java
 org.mockito.internal.invocation.mockref.MockStrongReference
org/mockito/internal/creation/bytebuddy/SubclassInjectionLoader.java
 org.mockito.internal.creation.bytebuddy.SubclassInjectionLoader
 org.mockito.internal.creation.bytebuddy.SubclassInjectionLoader$1
 org.mockito.internal.creation.bytebuddy.SubclassInjectionLoader$WithLookup
 org.mockito.internal.creation.bytebuddy.SubclassInjectionLoader$WithReflection
org/mockito/stubbing/BaseStubber.java
 org.mockito.stubbing.BaseStubber
org/mockito/internal/progress/package-info.java
 org.mockito.internal.progress.package-info
org/mockito/plugins/StackTraceCleanerProvider.java
 org.mockito.plugins.StackTraceCleanerProvider
org/mockito/internal/verification/MockAwareVerificationMode.java
 org.mockito.internal.verification.MockAwareVerificationMode
org/mockito/internal/handler/InvocationNotifierHandler.java
 org.mockito.internal.handler.InvocationNotifierHandler
org/mockito/runners/package-info.java
 org.mockito.runners.package-info
org/mockito/invocation/InvocationOnMock.java
 org.mockito.invocation.InvocationOnMock
org/mockito/hamcrest/MockitoHamcrest.java
 org.mockito.hamcrest.MockitoHamcrest
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java
 org.mockito.internal.creation.MockSettingsImpl
org/mockito/junit/MockitoTestRule.java
 org.mockito.junit.MockitoTestRule
org/mockito/internal/invocation/MatcherApplicationStrategy.java
 org.mockito.internal.invocation.MatcherApplicationStrategy
 org.mockito.internal.invocation.MatcherApplicationStrategy$MatcherApplicationType
org/mockito/internal/creation/instance/InstantiatorProvider2Adapter.java
 org.mockito.internal.creation.instance.InstantiatorProvider2Adapter
 org.mockito.internal.creation.instance.InstantiatorProvider2Adapter$1
org/mockito/internal/listeners/StubbingLookupNotifier.java
 org.mockito.internal.listeners.StubbingLookupNotifier
 org.mockito.internal.listeners.StubbingLookupNotifier$Event
org/mockito/internal/junit/JUnitTestRule.java
 org.mockito.internal.junit.JUnitTestRule
org/mockito/stubbing/Answer6.java
 org.mockito.stubbing.Answer6
org/mockito/Matchers.java
 org.mockito.Matchers
org/mockito/stubbing/ValidableAnswer.java
 org.mockito.stubbing.ValidableAnswer
org/mockito/ArgumentMatchers.java
 org.mockito.ArgumentMatchers
org/mockito/internal/verification/package-info.java
 org.mockito.internal.verification.package-info
org/mockito/internal/matchers/text/FormattedText.java
 org.mockito.internal.matchers.text.FormattedText
org/mockito/exceptions/verification/VerificationInOrderFailure.java
 org.mockito.exceptions.verification.VerificationInOrderFailure
org/mockito/stubbing/Answer2.java
 org.mockito.stubbing.Answer2
org/mockito/stubbing/VoidAnswer5.java
 org.mockito.stubbing.VoidAnswer5
org/mockito/verification/VerificationWithTimeout.java
 org.mockito.verification.VerificationWithTimeout
org/mockito/internal/matchers/Or.java
 org.mockito.internal.matchers.Or
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericTypeExtractor.java
 org.mockito.internal.util.reflection.GenericTypeExtractor
org/mockito/internal/util/MockNameImpl.java
 org.mockito.internal.util.MockNameImpl
org/mockito/quality/Strictness.java
 org.mockito.quality.Strictness
org/mockito/internal/verification/Times.java
 org.mockito.internal.verification.Times
org/mockito/listeners/MockCreationListener.java
 org.mockito.listeners.MockCreationListener
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/HashCodeAndEqualsSafeSet.java
 org.mockito.internal.util.collections.HashCodeAndEqualsSafeSet
 org.mockito.internal.util.collections.HashCodeAndEqualsSafeSet$1
org/mockito/exceptions/misusing/UnnecessaryStubbingException.java
 org.mockito.exceptions.misusing.UnnecessaryStubbingException
org/mockito/listeners/InvocationListener.java
 org.mockito.listeners.InvocationListener
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java
 org.mockito.internal.util.Primitives
org/mockito/internal/verification/SingleRegisteredInvocation.java
 org.mockito.internal.verification.SingleRegisteredInvocation
org/mockito/internal/verification/Description.java
 org.mockito.internal.verification.Description
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/LenientCopyTool.java
 org.mockito.internal.util.reflection.LenientCopyTool
org/mockito/internal/configuration/FieldAnnotationProcessor.java
 org.mockito.internal.configuration.FieldAnnotationProcessor
org/mockito/plugins/MockMaker.java
 org.mockito.plugins.MockMaker
 org.mockito.plugins.MockMaker$ConstructionMockControl
 org.mockito.plugins.MockMaker$StaticMockControl
 org.mockito.plugins.MockMaker$TypeMockability
org/mockito/internal/matchers/Equality.java
 org.mockito.internal.matchers.Equality
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/filter/OngoingInjector.java
 org.mockito.internal.configuration.injection.filter.OngoingInjector
 org.mockito.internal.configuration.injection.filter.OngoingInjector$1
org/mockito/exceptions/misusing/FriendlyReminderException.java
 org.mockito.exceptions.misusing.FriendlyReminderException
org/mockito/internal/creation/bytebuddy/ConstructionCallback.java
 org.mockito.internal.creation.bytebuddy.ConstructionCallback
org/mockito/internal/hamcrest/MatcherGenericTypeExtractor.java
 org.mockito.internal.hamcrest.MatcherGenericTypeExtractor
org/mockito/internal/handler/NullResultGuardian.java
 org.mockito.internal.handler.NullResultGuardian
org/mockito/internal/creation/bytebuddy/BytecodeGenerator.java
 org.mockito.internal.creation.bytebuddy.BytecodeGenerator
org/mockito/internal/creation/bytebuddy/TypeSupport.java
 org.mockito.internal.creation.bytebuddy.TypeSupport
org/mockito/invocation/MatchableInvocation.java
 org.mockito.invocation.MatchableInvocation
org/mockito/internal/creation/instance/InstantiatorProviderAdapter.java
 org.mockito.internal.creation.instance.InstantiatorProviderAdapter
 org.mockito.internal.creation.instance.InstantiatorProviderAdapter$1
org/mockito/internal/creation/proxy/ProxyMockMaker.java
 org.mockito.internal.creation.proxy.ProxyMockMaker
 org.mockito.internal.creation.proxy.ProxyMockMaker$1
 org.mockito.internal.creation.proxy.ProxyMockMaker$MockInvocationHandler
 org.mockito.internal.creation.proxy.ProxyMockMaker$RealDefaultMethod
org/mockito/invocation/DescribedInvocation.java
 org.mockito.invocation.DescribedInvocation
org/mockito/exceptions/misusing/MissingMethodInvocationException.java
 org.mockito.exceptions.misusing.MissingMethodInvocationException
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/stacktrace/DefaultStackTraceCleaner.java
 org.mockito.internal.exceptions.stacktrace.DefaultStackTraceCleaner
org/mockito/Mockito.java
 org.mockito.Mockito
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java
 org.mockito.internal.stubbing.defaultanswers.ReturnsEmptyValues
org/mockito/internal/invocation/DefaultInvocationFactory.java
 org.mockito.internal.invocation.DefaultInvocationFactory
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java
 org.mockito.internal.util.MockUtil
org/mockito/internal/verification/Calls.java
 org.mockito.internal.verification.Calls
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/MockScanner.java
 org.mockito.internal.configuration.injection.scanner.MockScanner
org/mockito/internal/creation/proxy/package-info.java
 org.mockito.internal.creation.proxy.package-info
org/mockito/internal/matchers/package-info.java
 org.mockito.internal.matchers.package-info
org/mockito/internal/junit/ExceptionFactory.java
 org.mockito.internal.junit.ExceptionFactory
 org.mockito.internal.junit.ExceptionFactory$ExceptionFactoryImpl
org/mockito/listeners/MethodInvocationReport.java
 org.mockito.listeners.MethodInvocationReport
org/mockito/internal/creation/util/MockitoMethodProxy.java
 org.mockito.internal.creation.util.MockitoMethodProxy
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/PropertyAndSetterInjection.java
 org.mockito.internal.configuration.injection.PropertyAndSetterInjection
 org.mockito.internal.configuration.injection.PropertyAndSetterInjection$1
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/Fields.java
 org.mockito.internal.util.reflection.Fields
 org.mockito.internal.util.reflection.Fields$1
 org.mockito.internal.util.reflection.Fields$2
 org.mockito.internal.util.reflection.Fields$3
 org.mockito.internal.util.reflection.Fields$InstanceFields
org/mockito/internal/verification/checkers/NumberOfInvocationsChecker.java
 org.mockito.internal.verification.checkers.NumberOfInvocationsChecker
org/mockito/stubbing/VoidAnswer2.java
 org.mockito.stubbing.VoidAnswer2
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/HashCodeAndEqualsMockWrapper.java
 org.mockito.internal.util.collections.HashCodeAndEqualsMockWrapper
org/mockito/internal/junit/NoOpTestListener.java
 org.mockito.internal.junit.NoOpTestListener
org/mockito/creation/instance/InstantiationException.java
 org.mockito.creation.instance.InstantiationException
org/mockito/internal/junit/MismatchReportingTestListener.java
 org.mockito.internal.junit.MismatchReportingTestListener
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/answers/DoesNothing.java
 org.mockito.internal.stubbing.answers.DoesNothing
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/answers/DefaultAnswerValidator.java
 org.mockito.internal.stubbing.answers.DefaultAnswerValidator
org/mockito/listeners/StubbingLookupEvent.java
 org.mockito.listeners.StubbingLookupEvent
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/StubbingComparator.java
 org.mockito.internal.stubbing.StubbingComparator
org/mockito/internal/matchers/apachecommons/EqualsBuilder.java
 org.mockito.internal.matchers.apachecommons.EqualsBuilder
org/mockito/internal/invocation/MatchersBinder.java
 org.mockito.internal.invocation.MatchersBinder
org/mockito/internal/creation/instance/InstantiationException.java
 org.mockito.internal.creation.instance.InstantiationException
org/mockito/Captor.java
 org.mockito.Captor
org/mockito/internal/debugging/package-info.java
 org.mockito.internal.debugging.package-info
org/mockito/internal/util/io/IOUtil.java
 org.mockito.internal.util.io.IOUtil
org/mockito/internal/creation/SuspendMethod.java
 org.mockito.internal.creation.SuspendMethod
org/mockito/plugins/MockitoLogger.java
 org.mockito.plugins.MockitoLogger
org/mockito/internal/configuration/plugins/PluginRegistry.java
 org.mockito.internal.configuration.plugins.PluginRegistry
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/answers/AbstractThrowsException.java
 org.mockito.internal.stubbing.answers.AbstractThrowsException
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/Iterables.java
 org.mockito.internal.util.collections.Iterables
org/mockito/internal/creation/bytebuddy/MockAccess.java
 org.mockito.internal.creation.bytebuddy.MockAccess
org/mockito/internal/invocation/package-info.java
 org.mockito.internal.invocation.package-info
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/ListUtil.java
 org.mockito.internal.util.collections.ListUtil
 org.mockito.internal.util.collections.ListUtil$Converter
 org.mockito.internal.util.collections.ListUtil$Filter
org/mockito/internal/SuppressSignatureCheck.java
 org.mockito.internal.SuppressSignatureCheck
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java
 org.mockito.internal.util.reflection.GenericMetadataSupport
 org.mockito.internal.util.reflection.GenericMetadataSupport$BoundedType
 org.mockito.internal.util.reflection.GenericMetadataSupport$FromClassGenericMetadataSupport
 org.mockito.internal.util.reflection.GenericMetadataSupport$FromParameterizedTypeGenericMetadataSupport
 org.mockito.internal.util.reflection.GenericMetadataSupport$GenericArrayReturnType
 org.mockito.internal.util.reflection.GenericMetadataSupport$NotGenericReturnTypeSupport
 org.mockito.internal.util.reflection.GenericMetadataSupport$ParameterizedReturnType
 org.mockito.internal.util.reflection.GenericMetadataSupport$TypeVarBoundedType
 org.mockito.internal.util.reflection.GenericMetadataSupport$TypeVariableReturnType
 org.mockito.internal.util.reflection.GenericMetadataSupport$WildCardBoundedType
org/mockito/internal/junit/MockitoTestListener.java
 org.mockito.internal.junit.MockitoTestListener
org/mockito/internal/matchers/StartsWith.java
 org.mockito.internal.matchers.StartsWith
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java
 org.mockito.MockitoAnnotations
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsMocks.java
 org.mockito.internal.stubbing.defaultanswers.ReturnsMocks
 org.mockito.internal.stubbing.defaultanswers.ReturnsMocks$1
org/mockito/plugins/MockResolver.java
 org.mockito.plugins.MockResolver
org/mockito/verification/VerificationAfterDelay.java
 org.mockito.verification.VerificationAfterDelay
org/mockito/internal/matchers/And.java
 org.mockito.internal.matchers.And
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ForwardsInvocations.java
 org.mockito.internal.stubbing.defaultanswers.ForwardsInvocations
org/mockito/hamcrest/package-info.java
 org.mockito.hamcrest.package-info
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/ExceptionIncludingMockitoWarnings.java
 org.mockito.internal.exceptions.ExceptionIncludingMockitoWarnings
org/mockito/internal/util/concurrent/WeakConcurrentMap.java
 org.mockito.internal.util.concurrent.WeakConcurrentMap
 org.mockito.internal.util.concurrent.WeakConcurrentMap$1
 org.mockito.internal.util.concurrent.WeakConcurrentMap$EntryIterator
 org.mockito.internal.util.concurrent.WeakConcurrentMap$LatentKey
 org.mockito.internal.util.concurrent.WeakConcurrentMap$SimpleEntry
 org.mockito.internal.util.concurrent.WeakConcurrentMap$WeakKey
 org.mockito.internal.util.concurrent.WeakConcurrentMap$WithInlinedExpunction
org/mockito/internal/creation/instance/DefaultInstantiatorProvider.java
 org.mockito.internal.creation.instance.DefaultInstantiatorProvider
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/SpyOnInjectedFieldsHandler.java
 org.mockito.internal.configuration.injection.SpyOnInjectedFieldsHandler
org/mockito/internal/util/Supplier.java
 org.mockito.internal.util.Supplier
org/mockito/internal/verification/AtMost.java
 org.mockito.internal.verification.AtMost
org/mockito/internal/matchers/Matches.java
 org.mockito.internal.matchers.Matches
org/mockito/internal/creation/bytebuddy/SubclassLoader.java
 org.mockito.internal.creation.bytebuddy.SubclassLoader
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/StubbedInvocationMatcher.java
 org.mockito.internal.stubbing.StubbedInvocationMatcher
org/mockito/plugins/PluginSwitch.java
 org.mockito.plugins.PluginSwitch
org/mockito/internal/debugging/InvocationsPrinter.java
 org.mockito.internal.debugging.InvocationsPrinter
 org.mockito.internal.debugging.InvocationsPrinter$1
org/mockito/InjectMocks.java
 org.mockito.InjectMocks
org/mockito/exceptions/verification/package-info.java
 org.mockito.exceptions.verification.package-info
org/mockito/internal/debugging/WarningsPrinterImpl.java
 org.mockito.internal.debugging.WarningsPrinterImpl
org/mockito/verification/Timeout.java
 org.mockito.verification.Timeout
org/mockito/exceptions/misusing/UnfinishedStubbingException.java
 org.mockito.exceptions.misusing.UnfinishedStubbingException
org/mockito/NotExtensible.java
 org.mockito.NotExtensible
org/mockito/internal/runners/util/package-info.java
 org.mockito.internal.runners.util.package-info
org/mockito/session/MockitoSessionLogger.java
 org.mockito.session.MockitoSessionLogger
org/mockito/internal/verification/VerificationWrapper.java
 org.mockito.internal.verification.VerificationWrapper
org/mockito/internal/util/concurrent/DetachedThreadLocal.java
 org.mockito.internal.util.concurrent.DetachedThreadLocal
 org.mockito.internal.util.concurrent.DetachedThreadLocal$1
 org.mockito.internal.util.concurrent.DetachedThreadLocal$2
 org.mockito.internal.util.concurrent.DetachedThreadLocal$3
 org.mockito.internal.util.concurrent.DetachedThreadLocal$Cleaner
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/VerificationAwareInvocation.java
 org.mockito.internal.exceptions.VerificationAwareInvocation
org/mockito/stubbing/VoidAnswer4.java
 org.mockito.stubbing.VoidAnswer4
org/mockito/internal/configuration/plugins/DefaultPluginSwitch.java
 org.mockito.internal.configuration.plugins.DefaultPluginSwitch
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/answers/package-info.java
 org.mockito.internal.stubbing.answers.package-info
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java
 org.mockito.internal.configuration.InjectingAnnotationEngine
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerFactory.java
 org.mockito.internal.handler.MockHandlerFactory
org/mockito/stubbing/Stubber.java
 org.mockito.stubbing.Stubber
org/mockito/invocation/InvocationFactory.java
 org.mockito.invocation.InvocationFactory
 org.mockito.invocation.InvocationFactory$RealMethodBehavior
org/mockito/internal/creation/bytebuddy/package-info.java
 org.mockito.internal.creation.bytebuddy.package-info
org/mockito/internal/runners/DefaultInternalRunner.java
 org.mockito.internal.runners.DefaultInternalRunner
 org.mockito.internal.runners.DefaultInternalRunner$1
 org.mockito.internal.runners.DefaultInternalRunner$1$1
 org.mockito.internal.runners.DefaultInternalRunner$1$2
org/mockito/internal/creation/bytebuddy/ClassCreatingMockMaker.java
 org.mockito.internal.creation.bytebuddy.ClassCreatingMockMaker
org/mockito/internal/matchers/apachecommons/package-info.java
 org.mockito.internal.matchers.apachecommons.package-info
org/mockito/exceptions/misusing/InjectMocksException.java
 org.mockito.exceptions.misusing.InjectMocksException
org/mockito/internal/runners/RunnerFactory.java
 org.mockito.internal.runners.RunnerFactory
 org.mockito.internal.runners.RunnerFactory$1
 org.mockito.internal.runners.RunnerFactory$2
 org.mockito.internal.runners.RunnerFactory$3
org/mockito/exceptions/misusing/NullInsteadOfMockException.java
 org.mockito.exceptions.misusing.NullInsteadOfMockException
org/mockito/ArgumentMatcher.java
 org.mockito.ArgumentMatcher
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/DefaultLenientStubber.java
 org.mockito.internal.stubbing.DefaultLenientStubber
org/mockito/internal/verification/RegisteredInvocations.java
 org.mockito.internal.verification.RegisteredInvocations
org/mockito/exceptions/misusing/RedundantListenerException.java
 org.mockito.exceptions.misusing.RedundantListenerException
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/ModuleMemberAccessor.java
 org.mockito.internal.util.reflection.ModuleMemberAccessor
org/mockito/invocation/MockHandler.java
 org.mockito.invocation.MockHandler
org/mockito/internal/matchers/EndsWith.java
 org.mockito.internal.matchers.EndsWith
org/mockito/MockedConstruction.java
 org.mockito.MockedConstruction
 org.mockito.MockedConstruction$Context
 org.mockito.MockedConstruction$MockInitializer
org/mockito/internal/hamcrest/HamcrestArgumentMatcher.java
 org.mockito.internal.hamcrest.HamcrestArgumentMatcher
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/answers/CallsRealMethods.java
 org.mockito.internal.stubbing.answers.CallsRealMethods
org/mockito/verification/After.java
 org.mockito.verification.After
org/mockito/internal/matchers/GreaterThan.java
 org.mockito.internal.matchers.GreaterThan
org/mockito/internal/junit/DefaultTestFinishedEvent.java
 org.mockito.internal.junit.DefaultTestFinishedEvent
org/mockito/internal/invocation/SerializableMethod.java
 org.mockito.internal.invocation.SerializableMethod
org/mockito/internal/invocation/StubInfoImpl.java
 org.mockito.internal.invocation.StubInfoImpl
org/mockito/internal/util/Timer.java
 org.mockito.internal.util.Timer
org/mockito/internal/invocation/UnusedStubsFinder.java
 org.mockito.internal.invocation.UnusedStubsFinder
org/mockito/junit/MockitoJUnitRunner.java
 org.mockito.junit.MockitoJUnitRunner
 org.mockito.junit.MockitoJUnitRunner$Silent
 org.mockito.junit.MockitoJUnitRunner$Strict
 org.mockito.junit.MockitoJUnitRunner$StrictStubs
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/package-info.java
 org.mockito.internal.util.reflection.package-info
org/mockito/internal/verification/api/VerificationData.java
 org.mockito.internal.verification.api.VerificationData
org/mockito/internal/junit/ArgMismatchFinder.java
 org.mockito.internal.junit.ArgMismatchFinder
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/stacktrace/StackTraceFilter.java
 org.mockito.internal.exceptions.stacktrace.StackTraceFilter
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/stacktrace/DefaultStackTraceCleanerProvider.java
 org.mockito.internal.exceptions.stacktrace.DefaultStackTraceCleanerProvider
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/InjectMocksScanner.java
 org.mockito.internal.configuration.injection.scanner.InjectMocksScanner
org/mockito/internal/creation/instance/ObjenesisInstantiator.java
 org.mockito.internal.creation.instance.ObjenesisInstantiator
org/mockito/stubbing/VoidAnswer1.java
 org.mockito.stubbing.VoidAnswer1
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/ConstructorInjection.java
 org.mockito.internal.configuration.injection.ConstructorInjection
 org.mockito.internal.configuration.injection.ConstructorInjection$SimpleArgumentResolver
org/mockito/internal/session/DefaultMockitoSessionBuilder.java
 org.mockito.internal.session.DefaultMockitoSessionBuilder
org/mockito/internal/configuration/SpyAnnotationEngine.java
 org.mockito.internal.configuration.SpyAnnotationEngine
org/mockito/internal/matchers/ArrayEquals.java
 org.mockito.internal.matchers.ArrayEquals
org/mockito/plugins/InstantiatorProvider2.java
 org.mockito.plugins.InstantiatorProvider2
org/mockito/internal/configuration/plugins/package-info.java
 org.mockito.internal.configuration.plugins.package-info
org/mockito/internal/verification/api/InOrderContext.java
 org.mockito.internal.verification.api.InOrderContext
org/mockito/exceptions/verification/NeverWantedButInvoked.java
 org.mockito.exceptions.verification.NeverWantedButInvoked
org/mockito/internal/framework/DefaultMockitoFramework.java
 org.mockito.internal.framework.DefaultMockitoFramework
org/mockito/internal/invocation/finder/VerifiableInvocationsFinder.java
 org.mockito.internal.invocation.finder.VerifiableInvocationsFinder
 org.mockito.internal.invocation.finder.VerifiableInvocationsFinder$1
 org.mockito.internal.invocation.finder.VerifiableInvocationsFinder$RemoveIgnoredForVerification
org/mockito/internal/matchers/GreaterOrEqual.java
 org.mockito.internal.matchers.GreaterOrEqual
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/InstrumentationMemberAccessor.java
 org.mockito.internal.util.reflection.InstrumentationMemberAccessor
 org.mockito.internal.util.reflection.InstrumentationMemberAccessor$Dispatcher
org/mockito/internal/configuration/MockAnnotationProcessor.java
 org.mockito.internal.configuration.MockAnnotationProcessor
org/mockito/stubbing/LenientStubber.java
 org.mockito.stubbing.LenientStubber
org/mockito/internal/matchers/Not.java
 org.mockito.internal.matchers.Not
org/mockito/verification/VerificationEvent.java
 org.mockito.verification.VerificationEvent
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/answers/InvocationInfo.java
 org.mockito.internal.stubbing.answers.InvocationInfo
org/mockito/internal/verification/NoInteractions.java
 org.mockito.internal.verification.NoInteractions
org/mockito/exceptions/misusing/InvalidUseOfMatchersException.java
 org.mockito.exceptions.misusing.InvalidUseOfMatchersException
org/mockito/internal/matchers/EqualsWithDelta.java
 org.mockito.internal.matchers.EqualsWithDelta
org/mockito/internal/util/ConsoleMockitoLogger.java
 org.mockito.internal.util.ConsoleMockitoLogger
org/mockito/plugins/InlineMockMaker.java
 org.mockito.plugins.InlineMockMaker
org/mockito/internal/util/Checks.java
 org.mockito.internal.util.Checks
org/mockito/internal/creation/bytebuddy/InlineBytecodeGenerator.java
 org.mockito.internal.creation.bytebuddy.InlineBytecodeGenerator
 org.mockito.internal.creation.bytebuddy.InlineBytecodeGenerator$1
 org.mockito.internal.creation.bytebuddy.InlineBytecodeGenerator$ParameterWritingVisitorWrapper
 org.mockito.internal.creation.bytebuddy.InlineBytecodeGenerator$ParameterWritingVisitorWrapper$MethodParameterStrippingMethodVisitor
 org.mockito.internal.creation.bytebuddy.InlineBytecodeGenerator$ParameterWritingVisitorWrapper$ParameterAddingClassVisitor
org/mockito/internal/matchers/LessThan.java
 org.mockito.internal.matchers.LessThan
org/mockito/exceptions/verification/SmartNullPointerException.java
 org.mockito.exceptions.verification.SmartNullPointerException
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldReader.java
 org.mockito.internal.util.reflection.FieldReader
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgress.java
 org.mockito.internal.progress.MockingProgress
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldInitializer.java
 org.mockito.internal.util.reflection.FieldInitializer
 org.mockito.internal.util.reflection.FieldInitializer$ConstructorArgumentResolver
 org.mockito.internal.util.reflection.FieldInitializer$ConstructorInstantiator
 org.mockito.internal.util.reflection.FieldInitializer$NoArgConstructorInstantiator
 org.mockito.internal.util.reflection.FieldInitializer$ParameterizedConstructorInstantiator
 org.mockito.internal.util.reflection.FieldInitializer$ParameterizedConstructorInstantiator$1
org/mockito/internal/debugging/WarningsFinder.java
 org.mockito.internal.debugging.WarningsFinder
org/mockito/session/MockitoSessionBuilder.java
 org.mockito.session.MockitoSessionBuilder
org/mockito/internal/junit/StubbingHint.java
 org.mockito.internal.junit.StubbingHint
org/mockito/internal/matchers/LessOrEqual.java
 org.mockito.internal.matchers.LessOrEqual
org/mockito/stubbing/Answer4.java
 org.mockito.stubbing.Answer4
org/mockito/internal/verification/VerificationEventImpl.java
 org.mockito.internal.verification.VerificationEventImpl
org/mockito/exceptions/verification/MoreThanAllowedActualInvocations.java
 org.mockito.exceptions.verification.MoreThanAllowedActualInvocations
org/mockito/internal/matchers/VarargMatcher.java
 org.mockito.internal.matchers.VarargMatcher
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/filter/NameBasedCandidateFilter.java
 org.mockito.internal.configuration.injection.filter.NameBasedCandidateFilter
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/answers/Returns.java
 org.mockito.internal.stubbing.answers.Returns
org/mockito/internal/matchers/CapturesArguments.java
 org.mockito.internal.matchers.CapturesArguments
org/mockito/runners/MockitoJUnitRunner.java
 org.mockito.runners.MockitoJUnitRunner
 org.mockito.runners.MockitoJUnitRunner$Silent
 org.mockito.runners.MockitoJUnitRunner$Strict
org/mockito/internal/verification/argumentmatching/package-info.java
 org.mockito.internal.verification.argumentmatching.package-info
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/answers/ThrowsExceptionForClassType.java
 org.mockito.internal.stubbing.answers.ThrowsExceptionForClassType
org/mockito/internal/package-info.java
 org.mockito.internal.package-info
org/mockito/internal/creation/bytebuddy/MockMethodInterceptor.java
 org.mockito.internal.creation.bytebuddy.MockMethodInterceptor
 org.mockito.internal.creation.bytebuddy.MockMethodInterceptor$DispatcherDefaultingToRealMethod
 org.mockito.internal.creation.bytebuddy.MockMethodInterceptor$ForEquals
 org.mockito.internal.creation.bytebuddy.MockMethodInterceptor$ForHashCode
 org.mockito.internal.creation.bytebuddy.MockMethodInterceptor$ForWriteReplace
org/mockito/stubbing/VoidAnswer6.java
 org.mockito.stubbing.VoidAnswer6
org/mockito/internal/junit/util/JUnitFailureHacker.java
 org.mockito.internal.junit.util.JUnitFailureHacker
org/mockito/internal/reporting/package-info.java
 org.mockito.internal.reporting.package-info
org/mockito/internal/invocation/ArgumentMatcherAction.java
 org.mockito.internal.invocation.ArgumentMatcherAction
org/mockito/mock/SerializableMode.java
 org.mockito.mock.SerializableMode
org/mockito/internal/util/concurrent/WeakConcurrentSet.java
 org.mockito.internal.util.concurrent.WeakConcurrentSet
 org.mockito.internal.util.concurrent.WeakConcurrentSet$1
 org.mockito.internal.util.concurrent.WeakConcurrentSet$Cleaner
 org.mockito.internal.util.concurrent.WeakConcurrentSet$ReducingIterator
org/mockito/internal/matchers/InstanceOf.java
 org.mockito.internal.matchers.InstanceOf
 org.mockito.internal.matchers.InstanceOf$VarArgAware
org/mockito/internal/invocation/TypeSafeMatching.java
 org.mockito.internal.invocation.TypeSafeMatching
org/mockito/internal/runners/util/TestMethodsFinder.java
 org.mockito.internal.runners.util.TestMethodsFinder
org/mockito/internal/verification/api/package-info.java
 org.mockito.internal.verification.api.package-info
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/BeanPropertySetter.java
 org.mockito.internal.util.reflection.BeanPropertySetter
org/mockito/invocation/StubInfo.java
 org.mockito.invocation.StubInfo
org/mockito/internal/configuration/plugins/PluginLoader.java
 org.mockito.internal.configuration.plugins.PluginLoader
 org.mockito.internal.configuration.plugins.PluginLoader$1
 org.mockito.internal.configuration.plugins.PluginLoader$2
org/mockito/invocation/Invocation.java
 org.mockito.invocation.Invocation
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/answers/ClonesArguments.java
 org.mockito.internal.stubbing.answers.ClonesArguments
org/mockito/BDDMockito.java
 org.mockito.BDDMockito
 org.mockito.BDDMockito$BDDMyOngoingStubbing
 org.mockito.BDDMockito$BDDOngoingStubbingImpl
 org.mockito.BDDMockito$BDDStubber
 org.mockito.BDDMockito$BDDStubberImpl
 org.mockito.BDDMockito$Then
 org.mockito.BDDMockito$ThenImpl
org/mockito/internal/reporting/PrintSettings.java
 org.mockito.internal.reporting.PrintSettings
org/mockito/internal/configuration/IndependentAnnotationEngine.java
 org.mockito.internal.configuration.IndependentAnnotationEngine
 org.mockito.internal.configuration.IndependentAnnotationEngine$1
org/mockito/internal/matchers/Equals.java
 org.mockito.internal.matchers.Equals
org/mockito/internal/verification/VerificationDataImpl.java
 org.mockito.internal.verification.VerificationDataImpl
org/mockito/internal/matchers/LocalizedMatcher.java
 org.mockito.internal.matchers.LocalizedMatcher
org/mockito/exceptions/base/MockitoAssertionError.java
 org.mockito.exceptions.base.MockitoAssertionError
org/mockito/exceptions/stacktrace/package-info.java
 org.mockito.exceptions.stacktrace.package-info
org/mockito/internal/verification/InOrderContextImpl.java
 org.mockito.internal.verification.InOrderContextImpl
org/mockito/internal/verification/api/VerificationDataInOrderImpl.java
 org.mockito.internal.verification.api.VerificationDataInOrderImpl
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/RetrieveGenericsForDefaultAnswers.java
 org.mockito.internal.stubbing.defaultanswers.RetrieveGenericsForDefaultAnswers
 org.mockito.internal.stubbing.defaultanswers.RetrieveGenericsForDefaultAnswers$AnswerCallback
org/mockito/InOrder.java
 org.mockito.InOrder
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java
 org.mockito.internal.configuration.GlobalConfiguration
org/mockito/ScopedMock.java
 org.mockito.ScopedMock
org/mockito/internal/matchers/CompareEqual.java
 org.mockito.internal.matchers.CompareEqual
org/mockito/internal/matchers/ContainsExtraTypeInfo.java
 org.mockito.internal.matchers.ContainsExtraTypeInfo
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultInjectionEngine.java
 org.mockito.internal.configuration.DefaultInjectionEngine
org/mockito/internal/debugging/MockitoDebuggerImpl.java
 org.mockito.internal.debugging.MockitoDebuggerImpl
org/mockito/internal/verification/checkers/AtLeastDiscrepancy.java
 org.mockito.internal.verification.checkers.AtLeastDiscrepancy
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/SuperTypesLastSorter.java
 org.mockito.internal.util.reflection.SuperTypesLastSorter
org/mockito/internal/creation/instance/ConstructorInstantiator.java
 org.mockito.internal.creation.instance.ConstructorInstantiator
org/mockito/internal/matchers/Null.java
 org.mockito.internal.matchers.Null
org/mockito/CheckReturnValue.java
 org.mockito.CheckReturnValue
org/mockito/verification/VerificationStrategy.java
 org.mockito.verification.VerificationStrategy
org/mockito/plugins/InstantiatorProvider.java
 org.mockito.plugins.InstantiatorProvider
org/mockito/package-info.java
 org.mockito.package-info
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/TriesToReturnSelf.java
 org.mockito.internal.stubbing.defaultanswers.TriesToReturnSelf
org/mockito/exceptions/misusing/CannotVerifyStubOnlyMock.java
 org.mockito.exceptions.misusing.CannotVerifyStubOnlyMock
org/mockito/invocation/InvocationContainer.java
 org.mockito.invocation.InvocationContainer
org/mockito/exceptions/verification/TooLittleActualInvocations.java
 org.mockito.exceptions.verification.TooLittleActualInvocations
org/mockito/MockitoDebugger.java
 org.mockito.MockitoDebugger
org/mockito/internal/configuration/plugins/PluginFileReader.java
 org.mockito.internal.configuration.plugins.PluginFileReader
org/mockito/internal/creation/bytebuddy/inject/MockMethodDispatcher.java
 org.mockito.internal.creation.bytebuddy.inject.MockMethodDispatcher
org/mockito/internal/reporting/SmartPrinter.java
 org.mockito.internal.reporting.SmartPrinter
org/mockito/exceptions/verification/opentest4j/ArgumentsAreDifferent.java
 org.mockito.exceptions.verification.opentest4j.ArgumentsAreDifferent
org/mockito/internal/runners/util/RunnerProvider.java
 org.mockito.internal.runners.util.RunnerProvider
org/mockito/internal/listeners/AutoCleanableListener.java
 org.mockito.internal.listeners.AutoCleanableListener
org/mockito/internal/verification/DefaultRegisteredInvocations.java
 org.mockito.internal.verification.DefaultRegisteredInvocations
 org.mockito.internal.verification.DefaultRegisteredInvocations$1
 org.mockito.internal.verification.DefaultRegisteredInvocations$RemoveToString
org/mockito/exceptions/verification/TooFewActualInvocations.java
 org.mockito.exceptions.verification.TooFewActualInvocations
org/mockito/internal/debugging/LocationImpl.java
 org.mockito.internal.debugging.LocationImpl
org/mockito/junit/package-info.java
 org.mockito.junit.package-info
org/mockito/stubbing/Answer.java
 org.mockito.stubbing.Answer
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationsFinder.java
 org.mockito.internal.invocation.InvocationsFinder
 org.mockito.internal.invocation.InvocationsFinder$1
 org.mockito.internal.invocation.InvocationsFinder$RemoveNotMatching
 org.mockito.internal.invocation.InvocationsFinder$RemoveUnverifiedInOrder
org/mockito/exceptions/misusing/WrongTypeOfReturnValue.java
 org.mockito.exceptions.misusing.WrongTypeOfReturnValue
org/mockito/verification/VerificationMode.java
 org.mockito.verification.VerificationMode
org/mockito/listeners/StubbingLookupListener.java
 org.mockito.listeners.StubbingLookupListener
org/mockito/MockingDetails.java
 org.mockito.MockingDetails
org/mockito/internal/reporting/Pluralizer.java
 org.mockito.internal.reporting.Pluralizer
org/mockito/MockitoFramework.java
 org.mockito.MockitoFramework
org/mockito/internal/runners/package-info.java
 org.mockito.internal.runners.package-info
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/UnusedStubbingReporting.java
 org.mockito.internal.stubbing.UnusedStubbingReporting
org/mockito/internal/verification/NoMoreInteractions.java
 org.mockito.internal.verification.NoMoreInteractions
org/mockito/exceptions/base/MockitoInitializationException.java
 org.mockito.exceptions.base.MockitoInitializationException
org/mockito/exceptions/base/MockitoSerializationIssue.java
 org.mockito.exceptions.base.MockitoSerializationIssue
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/MockInjectionStrategy.java
 org.mockito.internal.configuration.injection.MockInjectionStrategy
 org.mockito.internal.configuration.injection.MockInjectionStrategy$1
org/mockito/internal/InternalMockHandler.java
 org.mockito.internal.InternalMockHandler
org/mockito/internal/configuration/CaptorAnnotationProcessor.java
 org.mockito.internal.configuration.CaptorAnnotationProcessor
org/mockito/internal/matchers/text/ValuePrinter.java
 org.mockito.internal.matchers.text.ValuePrinter
 org.mockito.internal.matchers.text.ValuePrinter$1
org/mockito/exceptions/verification/WantedButNotInvoked.java
 org.mockito.exceptions.verification.WantedButNotInvoked
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/package-info.java
 org.mockito.internal.stubbing.package-info
org/mockito/ArgumentCaptor.java
 org.mockito.ArgumentCaptor
org/mockito/exceptions/misusing/NotAMockException.java
 org.mockito.exceptions.misusing.NotAMockException
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/answers/ThrowsException.java
 org.mockito.internal.stubbing.answers.ThrowsException
org/mockito/internal/debugging/WarningsCollector.java
 org.mockito.internal.debugging.WarningsCollector
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/IdentitySet.java
 org.mockito.internal.util.collections.IdentitySet
org/mockito/internal/verification/checkers/MissingInvocationChecker.java
 org.mockito.internal.verification.checkers.MissingInvocationChecker
 org.mockito.internal.verification.checkers.MissingInvocationChecker$1
org/mockito/internal/runners/StrictRunner.java
 org.mockito.internal.runners.StrictRunner
org/mockito/exceptions/verification/NoInteractionsWanted.java
 org.mockito.exceptions.verification.NoInteractionsWanted
org/mockito/internal/junit/DefaultStubbingLookupListener.java
 org.mockito.internal.junit.DefaultStubbingLookupListener
org/mockito/exceptions/package-info.java
 org.mockito.exceptions.package-info
org/mockito/invocation/Location.java
 org.mockito.invocation.Location
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/DoAnswerStyleStubbing.java
 org.mockito.internal.stubbing.DoAnswerStyleStubbing
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/stacktrace/ConditionalStackTraceFilter.java
 org.mockito.internal.exceptions.stacktrace.ConditionalStackTraceFilter
org/mockito/internal/creation/bytebuddy/SubclassBytecodeGenerator.java
 org.mockito.internal.creation.bytebuddy.SubclassBytecodeGenerator
org/mockito/exceptions/misusing/UnfinishedVerificationException.java
 org.mockito.exceptions.misusing.UnfinishedVerificationException
org/mockito/exceptions/verification/opentest4j/package-info.java
 org.mockito.exceptions.verification.opentest4j.package-info
org/mockito/internal/configuration/plugins/DefaultMockitoPlugins.java
 org.mockito.internal.configuration.plugins.DefaultMockitoPlugins
org/mockito/internal/matchers/CompareTo.java
 org.mockito.internal.matchers.CompareTo
org/mockito/internal/verification/VerificationOverTimeImpl.java
 org.mockito.internal.verification.VerificationOverTimeImpl
org/mockito/internal/handler/NotifiedMethodInvocationReport.java
 org.mockito.internal.handler.NotifiedMethodInvocationReport
org/mockito/internal/configuration/plugins/PluginFinder.java
 org.mockito.internal.configuration.plugins.PluginFinder
org/mockito/stubbing/Answer1.java
 org.mockito.stubbing.Answer1
org/mockito/plugins/package-info.java
 org.mockito.plugins.package-info
org/mockito/stubbing/VoidAnswer3.java
 org.mockito.stubbing.VoidAnswer3
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldInitializationReport.java
 org.mockito.internal.util.reflection.FieldInitializationReport
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/MockInjection.java
 org.mockito.internal.configuration.injection.MockInjection
 org.mockito.internal.configuration.injection.MockInjection$1
 org.mockito.internal.configuration.injection.MockInjection$OngoingMockInjection
org/mockito/exceptions/misusing/package-info.java
 org.mockito.exceptions.misusing.package-info
org/mockito/internal/matchers/Find.java
 org.mockito.internal.matchers.Find
org/mockito/internal/junit/StrictStubsRunnerTestListener.java
 org.mockito.internal.junit.StrictStubsRunnerTestListener
org/mockito/mock/MockName.java
 org.mockito.mock.MockName
org/mockito/internal/reporting/Discrepancy.java
 org.mockito.internal.reporting.Discrepancy
org/mockito/exceptions/base/MockitoException.java
 org.mockito.exceptions.base.MockitoException
org/mockito/internal/junit/TestFinishedEvent.java
 org.mockito.internal.junit.TestFinishedEvent
org/mockito/internal/invocation/finder/AllInvocationsFinder.java
 org.mockito.internal.invocation.finder.AllInvocationsFinder
org/mockito/quality/package-info.java
 org.mockito.quality.package-info
org/mockito/configuration/DefaultMockitoConfiguration.java
 org.mockito.configuration.DefaultMockitoConfiguration
org/mockito/internal/junit/JUnitRule.java
 org.mockito.internal.junit.JUnitRule
org/mockito/internal/configuration/package-info.java
 org.mockito.internal.configuration.package-info
org/mockito/stubbing/Answer5.java
 org.mockito.stubbing.Answer5
org/mockito/internal/creation/bytebuddy/InlineDelegateByteBuddyMockMaker.java
 org.mockito.internal.creation.bytebuddy.InlineDelegateByteBuddyMockMaker
 org.mockito.internal.creation.bytebuddy.InlineDelegateByteBuddyMockMaker$1
 org.mockito.internal.creation.bytebuddy.InlineDelegateByteBuddyMockMaker$InlineConstructionMockContext
 org.mockito.internal.creation.bytebuddy.InlineDelegateByteBuddyMockMaker$InlineConstructionMockControl
 org.mockito.internal.creation.bytebuddy.InlineDelegateByteBuddyMockMaker$InlineStaticMockControl
org/mockito/internal/invocation/mockref/MockReference.java
 org.mockito.internal.invocation.mockref.MockReference
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/package-info.java
 org.mockito.internal.configuration.injection.package-info
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java
 org.mockito.internal.progress.ThreadSafeMockingProgress
 org.mockito.internal.progress.ThreadSafeMockingProgress$1
org/mockito/internal/util/package-info.java
 org.mockito.internal.util.package-info
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/InstanceField.java
 org.mockito.internal.util.reflection.InstanceField
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java
 org.mockito.internal.invocation.InvocationMatcher
 org.mockito.internal.invocation.InvocationMatcher$1
org/mockito/quality/MockitoHint.java
 org.mockito.quality.MockitoHint
org/mockito/plugins/AnnotationEngine.java
 org.mockito.plugins.AnnotationEngine
 org.mockito.plugins.AnnotationEngine$NoAction
org/mockito/Spy.java
 org.mockito.Spy
org/mockito/internal/util/StringUtil.java
 org.mockito.internal.util.StringUtil
org/mockito/internal/util/ObjectMethodsGuru.java
 org.mockito.internal.util.ObjectMethodsGuru
org/mockito/internal/junit/UnusedStubbingsFinder.java
 org.mockito.internal.junit.UnusedStubbingsFinder
 org.mockito.internal.junit.UnusedStubbingsFinder$1
org/mockito/configuration/IMockitoConfiguration.java
 org.mockito.configuration.IMockitoConfiguration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/filter/MockCandidateFilter.java
 org.mockito.internal.configuration.injection.filter.MockCandidateFilter
org/mockito/exceptions/base/package-info.java
 org.mockito.exceptions.base.package-info
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java
 org.mockito.internal.progress.ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl
org/mockito/internal/invocation/ArgumentsProcessor.java
 org.mockito.internal.invocation.ArgumentsProcessor
org/mockito/internal/framework/DefaultMockitoSession.java
 org.mockito.internal.framework.DefaultMockitoSession
 org.mockito.internal.framework.DefaultMockitoSession$1
org/mockito/internal/verification/VerificationModeFactory.java
 org.mockito.internal.verification.VerificationModeFactory
org/mockito/internal/configuration/plugins/Plugins.java
 org.mockito.internal.configuration.plugins.Plugins
org/mockito/exceptions/misusing/MockitoConfigurationException.java
 org.mockito.exceptions.misusing.MockitoConfigurationException
org/mockito/internal/util/Platform.java
 org.mockito.internal.util.Platform
org/mockito/mock/package-info.java
 org.mockito.mock.package-info
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java
 org.mockito.internal.progress.MockingProgressImpl
 org.mockito.internal.progress.MockingProgressImpl$1
org/mockito/internal/junit/package-info.java
 org.mockito.internal.junit.package-info
org/mockito/exceptions/misusing/CannotStubVoidMethodWithReturnValue.java
 org.mockito.exceptions.misusing.CannotStubVoidMethodWithReturnValue
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java
 org.mockito.internal.handler.MockHandlerImpl
org/mockito/MockSettings.java
 org.mockito.MockSettings
org/mockito/internal/creation/instance/Instantiator.java
 org.mockito.internal.creation.instance.Instantiator
org/mockito/internal/util/JavaEightUtil.java
 org.mockito.internal.util.JavaEightUtil
org/mockito/internal/invocation/RealMethod.java
 org.mockito.internal.invocation.RealMethod
 org.mockito.internal.invocation.RealMethod$FromBehavior
 org.mockito.internal.invocation.RealMethod$FromCallable
 org.mockito.internal.invocation.RealMethod$FromCallable$1
 org.mockito.internal.invocation.RealMethod$IsIllegal
org/mockito/internal/verification/InOrderWrapper.java
 org.mockito.internal.verification.InOrderWrapper
org/mockito/stubbing/Answer3.java
 org.mockito.stubbing.Answer3
org/mockito/internal/session/MockitoSessionLoggerAdapter.java
 org.mockito.internal.session.MockitoSessionLoggerAdapter
org/mockito/listeners/package-info.java
 org.mockito.listeners.package-info
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMaster.java
 org.mockito.internal.util.reflection.GenericMaster
org/mockito/internal/debugging/FindingsListener.java
 org.mockito.internal.debugging.FindingsListener
org/mockito/listeners/VerificationStartedEvent.java
 org.mockito.listeners.VerificationStartedEvent
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsSmartNulls.java
 org.mockito.internal.stubbing.defaultanswers.ReturnsSmartNulls
 org.mockito.internal.stubbing.defaultanswers.ReturnsSmartNulls$1
 org.mockito.internal.stubbing.defaultanswers.ReturnsSmartNulls$ThrowsSmartNullPointer
org/mockito/internal/creation/bytebuddy/MockFeatures.java
 org.mockito.internal.creation.bytebuddy.MockFeatures
org/mockito/internal/creation/util/package-info.java
 org.mockito.internal.creation.util.package-info
org/mockito/internal/verification/Only.java
 org.mockito.internal.verification.Only
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java
 org.mockito.internal.stubbing.InvocationContainerImpl
org/mockito/runners/VerboseMockitoJUnitRunner.java
 org.mockito.runners.VerboseMockitoJUnitRunner
 org.mockito.runners.VerboseMockitoJUnitRunner$1
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/OngoingStubbingImpl.java
 org.mockito.internal.stubbing.OngoingStubbingImpl
org/mockito/stubbing/OngoingStubbing.java
 org.mockito.stubbing.OngoingStubbing
org/mockito/internal/verification/api/VerificationInOrderMode.java
 org.mockito.internal.verification.api.VerificationInOrderMode
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/answers/AnswerFunctionalInterfaces.java
 org.mockito.internal.stubbing.answers.AnswerFunctionalInterfaces
 org.mockito.internal.stubbing.answers.AnswerFunctionalInterfaces$1
 org.mockito.internal.stubbing.answers.AnswerFunctionalInterfaces$10
 org.mockito.internal.stubbing.answers.AnswerFunctionalInterfaces$11
 org.mockito.internal.stubbing.answers.AnswerFunctionalInterfaces$12
 org.mockito.internal.stubbing.answers.AnswerFunctionalInterfaces$2
 org.mockito.internal.stubbing.answers.AnswerFunctionalInterfaces$3
 org.mockito.internal.stubbing.answers.AnswerFunctionalInterfaces$4
 org.mockito.internal.stubbing.answers.AnswerFunctionalInterfaces$5
 org.mockito.internal.stubbing.answers.AnswerFunctionalInterfaces$6
 org.mockito.internal.stubbing.answers.AnswerFunctionalInterfaces$7
 org.mockito.internal.stubbing.answers.AnswerFunctionalInterfaces$8
 org.mockito.internal.stubbing.answers.AnswerFunctionalInterfaces$9
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java
 org.mockito.internal.creation.settings.CreationSettings
org/mockito/internal/creation/bytebuddy/MockMethodAdvice.java
 org.mockito.internal.creation.bytebuddy.MockMethodAdvice
 org.mockito.internal.creation.bytebuddy.MockMethodAdvice$1
 org.mockito.internal.creation.bytebuddy.MockMethodAdvice$ConstructorShortcut
 org.mockito.internal.creation.bytebuddy.MockMethodAdvice$ConstructorShortcut$1
 org.mockito.internal.creation.bytebuddy.MockMethodAdvice$ForEquals
 org.mockito.internal.creation.bytebuddy.MockMethodAdvice$ForHashCode
 org.mockito.internal.creation.bytebuddy.MockMethodAdvice$ForReadObject
 org.mockito.internal.creation.bytebuddy.MockMethodAdvice$ForStatic
 org.mockito.internal.creation.bytebuddy.MockMethodAdvice$Identifier
 org.mockito.internal.creation.bytebuddy.MockMethodAdvice$RealMethodCall
 org.mockito.internal.creation.bytebuddy.MockMethodAdvice$ReturnValueWrapper
 org.mockito.internal.creation.bytebuddy.MockMethodAdvice$SelfCallInfo
 org.mockito.internal.creation.bytebuddy.MockMethodAdvice$SerializableRealMethodCall
 org.mockito.internal.creation.bytebuddy.MockMethodAdvice$StaticMethodCall
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsMoreEmptyValues.java
 org.mockito.internal.stubbing.defaultanswers.ReturnsMoreEmptyValues
org/mockito/Incubating.java
 org.mockito.Incubating
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/ReflectionMemberAccessor.java
 org.mockito.internal.util.reflection.ReflectionMemberAccessor
org/mockito/internal/verification/argumentmatching/ArgumentMatchingTool.java
 org.mockito.internal.verification.argumentmatching.ArgumentMatchingTool
org/mockito/internal/creation/bytebuddy/ByteBuddyCrossClassLoaderSerializationSupport.java
 org.mockito.internal.creation.bytebuddy.ByteBuddyCrossClassLoaderSerializationSupport
 org.mockito.internal.creation.bytebuddy.ByteBuddyCrossClassLoaderSerializationSupport$CrossClassLoaderSerializableMock
 org.mockito.internal.creation.bytebuddy.ByteBuddyCrossClassLoaderSerializationSupport$CrossClassLoaderSerializationProxy
 org.mockito.internal.creation.bytebuddy.ByteBuddyCrossClassLoaderSerializationSupport$MockitoMockObjectInputStream
 org.mockito.internal.creation.bytebuddy.ByteBuddyCrossClassLoaderSerializationSupport$MockitoMockObjectOutputStream
org/mockito/mock/MockCreationSettings.java
 org.mockito.mock.MockCreationSettings
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/ConsecutiveStubbing.java
 org.mockito.internal.stubbing.ConsecutiveStubbing
org/mockito/internal/creation/package-info.java
 org.mockito.internal.creation.package-info
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/StrictnessSelector.java
 org.mockito.internal.stubbing.StrictnessSelector
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/answers/AnswersWithDelay.java
 org.mockito.internal.stubbing.answers.AnswersWithDelay
org/mockito/internal/listeners/VerificationStartedNotifier.java
 org.mockito.internal.listeners.VerificationStartedNotifier
 org.mockito.internal.listeners.VerificationStartedNotifier$Event
org/mockito/internal/matchers/text/MatchersPrinter.java
 org.mockito.internal.matchers.text.MatchersPrinter
org/mockito/internal/junit/StubbingArgMismatches.java
 org.mockito.internal.junit.StubbingArgMismatches
org/mockito/exceptions/misusing/UnfinishedMockingSessionException.java
 org.mockito.exceptions.misusing.UnfinishedMockingSessionException
org/mockito/stubbing/package-info.java
 org.mockito.stubbing.package-info
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/GloballyConfiguredAnswer.java
 org.mockito.internal.stubbing.defaultanswers.GloballyConfiguredAnswer
org/mockito/listeners/VerificationListener.java
 org.mockito.listeners.VerificationListener
org/mockito/invocation/package-info.java
 org.mockito.invocation.package-info
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/filter/TypeBasedCandidateFilter.java
 org.mockito.internal.configuration.injection.filter.TypeBasedCandidateFilter
org/mockito/exceptions/verification/junit/ArgumentsAreDifferent.java
 org.mockito.exceptions.verification.junit.ArgumentsAreDifferent
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/Reporter.java
 org.mockito.internal.exceptions.Reporter
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/util/ScenarioPrinter.java
 org.mockito.internal.exceptions.util.ScenarioPrinter
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/StubberImpl.java
 org.mockito.internal.stubbing.StubberImpl
org/mockito/creation/instance/Instantiator.java
 org.mockito.creation.instance.Instantiator
org/mockito/internal/creation/bytebuddy/SubclassByteBuddyMockMaker.java
 org.mockito.internal.creation.bytebuddy.SubclassByteBuddyMockMaker
 org.mockito.internal.creation.bytebuddy.SubclassByteBuddyMockMaker$1
org/mockito/internal/junit/UniversalTestListener.java
 org.mockito.internal.junit.UniversalTestListener
 org.mockito.internal.junit.UniversalTestListener$1
org/mockito/internal/creation/bytebuddy/inject/package-info.java
 org.mockito.internal.creation.bytebuddy.inject.package-info
org/mockito/internal/util/DefaultMockingDetails.java
 org.mockito.internal.util.DefaultMockingDetails
org/mockito/internal/creation/bytebuddy/TypeCachingBytecodeGenerator.java
 org.mockito.internal.creation.bytebuddy.TypeCachingBytecodeGenerator
 org.mockito.internal.creation.bytebuddy.TypeCachingBytecodeGenerator$1
 org.mockito.internal.creation.bytebuddy.TypeCachingBytecodeGenerator$MockitoMockKey
org/mockito/listeners/VerificationStartedListener.java
 org.mockito.listeners.VerificationStartedListener
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMarker.java
 org.mockito.internal.invocation.InvocationMarker
org/mockito/internal/runners/InternalRunner.java
 org.mockito.internal.runners.InternalRunner
org/mockito/exceptions/verification/junit/package-info.java
 org.mockito.exceptions.verification.junit.package-info
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/stacktrace/package-info.java
 org.mockito.internal.exceptions.stacktrace.package-info
org/mockito/exceptions/stacktrace/StackTraceCleaner.java
 org.mockito.exceptions.stacktrace.StackTraceCleaner
org/mockito/internal/verification/AtLeast.java
 org.mockito.internal.verification.AtLeast
org/mockito/internal/invocation/AbstractAwareMethod.java
 org.mockito.internal.invocation.AbstractAwareMethod
org/mockito/internal/MockedStaticImpl.java
 org.mockito.internal.MockedStaticImpl
org/mockito/internal/util/MockCreationValidator.java
 org.mockito.internal.util.MockCreationValidator
org/mockito/internal/MockedConstructionImpl.java
 org.mockito.internal.MockedConstructionImpl
org/mockito/internal/creation/bytebuddy/ByteBuddyMockMaker.java
 org.mockito.internal.creation.bytebuddy.ByteBuddyMockMaker
org/mockito/internal/debugging/VerboseMockInvocationLogger.java
 org.mockito.internal.debugging.VerboseMockInvocationLogger
org/mockito/internal/junit/UnnecessaryStubbingsReporter.java
 org.mockito.internal.junit.UnnecessaryStubbingsReporter
org/mockito/configuration/package-info.java
 org.mockito.configuration.package-info
org/mockito/internal/invocation/MockitoMethod.java
 org.mockito.internal.invocation.MockitoMethod
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/Sets.java
 org.mockito.internal.util.collections.Sets
org/mockito/internal/matchers/Contains.java
 org.mockito.internal.matchers.Contains
org/mockito/plugins/MockitoPlugins.java
 org.mockito.plugins.MockitoPlugins
org/mockito/internal/debugging/LoggingListener.java
 org.mockito.internal.debugging.LoggingListener
org/mockito/Answers.java
 org.mockito.Answers
org/mockito/internal/verification/checkers/AtLeastXNumberOfInvocationsChecker.java
 org.mockito.internal.verification.checkers.AtLeastXNumberOfInvocationsChecker
org/mockito/internal/runners/util/FailureDetector.java
 org.mockito.internal.runners.util.FailureDetector
org/mockito/internal/session/MockitoLoggerAdapter.java
 org.mockito.internal.session.MockitoLoggerAdapter
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/filter/TerminalMockCandidateFilter.java
 org.mockito.internal.configuration.injection.filter.TerminalMockCandidateFilter
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/package-info.java
 org.mockito.internal.stubbing.defaultanswers.package-info
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InterceptedInvocation.java
 org.mockito.internal.invocation.InterceptedInvocation
 org.mockito.internal.invocation.InterceptedInvocation$1
org/mockito/verification/package-info.java
 org.mockito.verification.package-info
org/mockito/internal/progress/SequenceNumber.java
 org.mockito.internal.progress.SequenceNumber
org/mockito/internal/creation/bytebuddy/ModuleHandler.java
 org.mockito.internal.creation.bytebuddy.ModuleHandler
 org.mockito.internal.creation.bytebuddy.ModuleHandler$1
 org.mockito.internal.creation.bytebuddy.ModuleHandler$ModuleSystemFound
 org.mockito.internal.creation.bytebuddy.ModuleHandler$NoModuleSystemFound
org/mockito/internal/matchers/Same.java
 org.mockito.internal.matchers.Same
org/mockito/internal/matchers/apachecommons/ReflectionEquals.java
 org.mockito.internal.matchers.apachecommons.ReflectionEquals
org/mockito/internal/configuration/plugins/PluginInitializer.java
 org.mockito.internal.configuration.plugins.PluginInitializer
org/mockito/internal/invocation/mockref/MockWeakReference.java
 org.mockito.internal.invocation.mockref.MockWeakReference
org/mockito/internal/creation/bytebuddy/InlineByteBuddyMockMaker.java
 org.mockito.internal.creation.bytebuddy.InlineByteBuddyMockMaker
org/mockito/internal/util/KotlinInlineClassUtil.java
 org.mockito.internal.util.KotlinInlineClassUtil
org/mockito/internal/junit/UnusedStubbings.java
 org.mockito.internal.junit.UnusedStubbings
org/mockito/listeners/MockitoListener.java
 org.mockito.listeners.MockitoListener
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMethod.java
 org.mockito.internal.creation.DelegatingMethod
org/mockito/configuration/AnnotationEngine.java
 org.mockito.configuration.AnnotationEngine
org/mockito/internal/debugging/Localized.java
 org.mockito.internal.debugging.Localized
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationComparator.java
 org.mockito.internal.invocation.InvocationComparator
org/mockito/Mock.java
 org.mockito.Mock
org/mockito/internal/junit/JUnitSessionStore.java
 org.mockito.internal.junit.JUnitSessionStore
 org.mockito.internal.junit.JUnitSessionStore$1
org/mockito/exceptions/verification/ArgumentsAreDifferent.java
 org.mockito.exceptions.verification.ArgumentsAreDifferent
org/mockito/junit/MockitoJUnit.java
 org.mockito.junit.MockitoJUnit
org/mockito/internal/matchers/text/MatcherToString.java
 org.mockito.internal.matchers.text.MatcherToString
org/mockito/internal/junit/VerificationCollectorImpl.java
 org.mockito.internal.junit.VerificationCollectorImpl
 org.mockito.internal.junit.VerificationCollectorImpl$1
 org.mockito.internal.junit.VerificationCollectorImpl$2
 org.mockito.internal.junit.VerificationCollectorImpl$VerificationWrapper
org/mockito/AdditionalAnswers.java
 org.mockito.AdditionalAnswers
org/mockito/exceptions/misusing/PotentialStubbingProblem.java
 org.mockito.exceptions.misusing.PotentialStubbingProblem
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsDeepStubs.java
 org.mockito.internal.stubbing.defaultanswers.ReturnsDeepStubs
 org.mockito.internal.stubbing.defaultanswers.ReturnsDeepStubs$DeeplyStubbedAnswer
 org.mockito.internal.stubbing.defaultanswers.ReturnsDeepStubs$LazyHolder
 org.mockito.internal.stubbing.defaultanswers.ReturnsDeepStubs$ReturnsDeepStubsSerializationFallback
org/mockito/internal/matchers/NotNull.java
 org.mockito.internal.matchers.NotNull
org/mockito/exceptions/verification/TooManyActualInvocations.java
 org.mockito.exceptions.verification.TooManyActualInvocations
org/mockito/internal/InOrderImpl.java
 org.mockito.internal.InOrderImpl
org/mockito/internal/configuration/ClassPathLoader.java
 org.mockito.internal.configuration.ClassPathLoader
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/answers/ReturnsArgumentAt.java
 org.mockito.internal.stubbing.answers.ReturnsArgumentAt
org/mockito/codegen/InjectionBase.java
 org.mockito.codegen.InjectionBase
org/mockito/AdditionalMatchers.java
 org.mockito.AdditionalMatchers
org/mockito/internal/verification/checkers/package-info.java
 org.mockito.internal.verification.checkers.package-info
org/mockito/internal/matchers/Any.java
 org.mockito.internal.matchers.Any
org/mockito/internal/verification/VerificationWrapperInOrderWrapper.java
 org.mockito.internal.verification.VerificationWrapperInOrderWrapper
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/BaseStubbing.java
 org.mockito.internal.stubbing.BaseStubbing
org/mockito/plugins/MemberAccessor.java
 org.mockito.plugins.MemberAccessor
 org.mockito.plugins.MemberAccessor$ConstructionDispatcher
 org.mockito.plugins.MemberAccessor$OnConstruction
org/mockito/junit/VerificationCollector.java
 org.mockito.junit.VerificationCollector
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorage.java
 org.mockito.internal.progress.ArgumentMatcherStorage
org/mockito/MockitoSession.java
 org.mockito.MockitoSession
