jadx/core/xmlgen/entry/ValuesParser.java
 jadx.core.xmlgen.entry.ValuesParser
jadx/core/deobf/Deobfuscator.java
 jadx.core.deobf.Deobfuscator
jadx/core/dex/visitors/MarkMethodsForInline.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.MarkMethodsForInline
jadx/core/utils/android/ExtDataInput.java
 jadx.core.utils.android.ExtDataInput
jadx/api/JavaField.java
 jadx.api.JavaField
jadx/core/utils/files/FileUtils.java
 jadx.core.utils.files.FileUtils
jadx/core/dex/visitors/regions/TernaryMod.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.regions.TernaryMod
jadx/core/dex/attributes/nodes/GenericInfoAttr.java
 jadx.core.dex.attributes.nodes.GenericInfoAttr
jadx/core/utils/android/DataInputDelegate.java
 jadx.core.utils.android.DataInputDelegate
jadx/core/dex/visitors/typeinference/TypeSearch.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.typeinference.TypeSearch
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.typeinference.TypeSearch$1
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.typeinference.TypeSearch$2
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.typeinference.TypeSearch$3
jadx/core/dex/visitors/InlineMethods.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.InlineMethods
jadx/core/dex/nodes/ILoadable.java
 jadx.core.dex.nodes.ILoadable
jadx/core/dex/info/FieldInfo.java
 jadx.core.dex.info.FieldInfo
jadx/core/dex/visitors/AbstractVisitor.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.AbstractVisitor
jadx/core/dex/attributes/nodes/RegDebugInfoAttr.java
 jadx.core.dex.attributes.nodes.RegDebugInfoAttr
jadx/core/dex/nodes/parser/SignatureParser.java
 jadx.core.dex.nodes.parser.SignatureParser
jadx/core/dex/visitors/typeinference/TypeInfo.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.typeinference.TypeInfo
jadx/core/dex/visitors/regions/DepthRegionTraversal.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.regions.DepthRegionTraversal
jadx/core/dex/instructions/mods/TernaryInsn.java
 jadx.core.dex.instructions.mods.TernaryInsn
jadx/core/dex/visitors/typeinference/TypeCompare.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.typeinference.TypeCompare
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.typeinference.TypeCompare$1
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.typeinference.TypeCompare$ArgTypeComparator
jadx/core/dex/regions/loops/LoopType.java
 jadx.core.dex.regions.loops.LoopType
jadx/core/dex/nodes/LoadStage.java
 jadx.core.dex.nodes.LoadStage
jadx/core/dex/nodes/Edge.java
 jadx.core.dex.nodes.Edge
jadx/core/dex/instructions/IfOp.java
 jadx.core.dex.instructions.IfOp
 jadx.core.dex.instructions.IfOp$1
jadx/core/dex/visitors/blocksmaker/BlockSplitter.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.blocksmaker.BlockSplitter
jadx/core/xmlgen/CommonBinaryParser.java
 jadx.core.xmlgen.CommonBinaryParser
jadx/core/dex/visitors/EnumVisitor.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.EnumVisitor
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.EnumVisitor$1
jadx/core/dex/instructions/args/RegisterArg.java
 jadx.core.dex.instructions.args.RegisterArg
jadx/core/codegen/ConditionGen.java
 jadx.core.codegen.ConditionGen
 jadx.core.codegen.ConditionGen$1
 jadx.core.codegen.ConditionGen$CondStack
jadx/core/codegen/json/cls/JsonNode.java
 jadx.core.codegen.json.cls.JsonNode
jadx/core/dex/visitors/MoveInlineVisitor.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.MoveInlineVisitor
jadx/core/dex/visitors/typeinference/TypeSearchVarInfo.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.typeinference.TypeSearchVarInfo
jadx/core/dex/instructions/ArithNode.java
 jadx.core.dex.instructions.ArithNode
jadx/api/JadxDecompiler.java
 jadx.api.JadxDecompiler
jadx/api/JavaNode.java
 jadx.api.JavaNode
jadx/core/dex/instructions/args/Named.java
 jadx.core.dex.instructions.args.Named
jadx/api/JavaClass.java
 jadx.api.JavaClass
jadx/core/dex/visitors/DeboxingVisitor.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.DeboxingVisitor
jadx/core/codegen/json/JsonMappingGen.java
 jadx.core.codegen.json.JsonMappingGen
jadx/core/xmlgen/XMLChar.java
 jadx.core.xmlgen.XMLChar
jadx/core/utils/android/Res9patchStreamDecoder.java
 jadx.core.utils.android.Res9patchStreamDecoder
 jadx.core.utils.android.Res9patchStreamDecoder$NinePatch
jadx/core/dex/visitors/typeinference/TypeSearchState.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.typeinference.TypeSearchState
jadx/core/utils/InsnRemover.java
 jadx.core.utils.InsnRemover
jadx/api/ICodeCache.java
 jadx.api.ICodeCache
jadx/core/dex/visitors/ssa/LiveVarAnalysis.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.ssa.LiveVarAnalysis
jadx/core/dex/attributes/AType.java
 jadx.core.dex.attributes.AType
jadx/core/dex/nodes/FieldNode.java
 jadx.core.dex.nodes.FieldNode
jadx/core/dex/nodes/ClassNode.java
 jadx.core.dex.nodes.ClassNode
jadx/core/dex/attributes/nodes/SkipMethodArgsAttr.java
 jadx.core.dex.attributes.nodes.SkipMethodArgsAttr
jadx/core/utils/StringUtils.java
 jadx.core.utils.StringUtils
jadx/core/dex/instructions/NewArrayNode.java
 jadx.core.dex.instructions.NewArrayNode
jadx/core/dex/instructions/ConstStringNode.java
 jadx.core.dex.instructions.ConstStringNode
jadx/core/utils/ErrorsCounter.java
 jadx.core.utils.ErrorsCounter
jadx/core/dex/visitors/SimplifyVisitor.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.SimplifyVisitor
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.SimplifyVisitor$1
jadx/core/dex/attributes/EmptyAttrStorage.java
 jadx.core.dex.attributes.EmptyAttrStorage
jadx/core/dex/instructions/InsnType.java
 jadx.core.dex.instructions.InsnType
jadx/core/dex/visitors/regions/TracedRegionVisitor.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.regions.TracedRegionVisitor
jadx/core/dex/visitors/usage/UsageInfo.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.usage.UsageInfo
jadx/core/dex/visitors/ClassModifier.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.ClassModifier
jadx/core/dex/visitors/regions/IRegionIterativeVisitor.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.regions.IRegionIterativeVisitor
jadx/core/codegen/json/cls/JsonMethod.java
 jadx.core.codegen.json.cls.JsonMethod
jadx/core/xmlgen/BinaryXMLParser.java
 jadx.core.xmlgen.BinaryXMLParser
jadx/core/dex/trycatch/CatchAttr.java
 jadx.core.dex.trycatch.CatchAttr
jadx/core/dex/visitors/MarkFinallyVisitor.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.MarkFinallyVisitor
jadx/core/codegen/MethodGen.java
 jadx.core.codegen.MethodGen
 jadx.core.codegen.MethodGen$FallbackOption
jadx/core/dex/regions/conditions/IfRegion.java
 jadx.core.dex.regions.conditions.IfRegion
jadx/api/ResourceFileContent.java
 jadx.api.ResourceFileContent
jadx/core/xmlgen/ParserStream.java
 jadx.core.xmlgen.ParserStream
jadx/core/dex/instructions/FillArrayInsn.java
 jadx.core.dex.instructions.FillArrayInsn
jadx/core/dex/attributes/nodes/IgnoreEdgeAttr.java
 jadx.core.dex.attributes.nodes.IgnoreEdgeAttr
jadx/core/dex/visitors/regions/AbstractRegionVisitor.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.regions.AbstractRegionVisitor
jadx/core/dex/instructions/args/VarName.java
 jadx.core.dex.instructions.args.VarName
jadx/core/dex/instructions/GotoNode.java
 jadx.core.dex.instructions.GotoNode
jadx/core/codegen/json/cls/JsonField.java
 jadx.core.codegen.json.cls.JsonField
jadx/core/xmlgen/ResourcesSaver.java
 jadx.core.xmlgen.ResourcesSaver
 jadx.core.xmlgen.ResourcesSaver$1
jadx/core/dex/visitors/InitCodeVariables.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.InitCodeVariables
jadx/core/utils/android/AndroidResourcesUtils.java
 jadx.core.utils.android.AndroidResourcesUtils
jadx/core/dex/visitors/ProcessAnonymous.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.ProcessAnonymous
jadx/api/ResourceFile.java
 jadx.api.ResourceFile
 jadx.api.ResourceFile$ZipRef
jadx/core/codegen/json/cls/JsonCodeLine.java
 jadx.core.codegen.json.cls.JsonCodeLine
jadx/core/dex/nodes/IDexNode.java
 jadx.core.dex.nodes.IDexNode
jadx/core/dex/visitors/RenameVisitor.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.RenameVisitor
jadx/core/xmlgen/ResXmlGen.java
 jadx.core.xmlgen.ResXmlGen
jadx/core/dex/attributes/nodes/RenameReasonAttr.java
 jadx.core.dex.attributes.nodes.RenameReasonAttr
jadx/api/JadxArgsValidator.java
 jadx.api.JadxArgsValidator
jadx/core/xmlgen/entry/RawValue.java
 jadx.core.xmlgen.entry.RawValue
jadx/core/dex/visitors/ExtractFieldInit.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.ExtractFieldInit
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.ExtractFieldInit$1
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.ExtractFieldInit$InitInfo
jadx/core/dex/visitors/AttachMethodDetails.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.AttachMethodDetails
jadx/core/dex/visitors/PrepareForCodeGen.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.PrepareForCodeGen
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.PrepareForCodeGen$1
jadx/core/codegen/RegionGen.java
 jadx.core.codegen.RegionGen
jadx/core/dex/nodes/ICodeNode.java
 jadx.core.dex.nodes.ICodeNode
jadx/core/deobf/PackageNode.java
 jadx.core.deobf.PackageNode
jadx/core/dex/visitors/blocksmaker/helpers/InsnsSlice.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.blocksmaker.helpers.InsnsSlice
jadx/core/dex/visitors/regions/CheckRegions.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.regions.CheckRegions
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.regions.CheckRegions$1
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.regions.CheckRegions$2
jadx/core/dex/instructions/SwitchData.java
 jadx.core.dex.instructions.SwitchData
jadx/core/dex/visitors/typeinference/TypeUpdate.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.typeinference.TypeUpdate
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.typeinference.TypeUpdate$1
jadx/api/ICodeInfo.java
 jadx.api.ICodeInfo
jadx/core/dex/visitors/DepthTraversal.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.DepthTraversal
jadx/core/utils/CodeGenUtils.java
 jadx.core.utils.CodeGenUtils
jadx/core/codegen/json/cls/JsonClass.java
 jadx.core.codegen.json.cls.JsonClass
jadx/core/dex/nodes/IContainer.java
 jadx.core.dex.nodes.IContainer
jadx/core/utils/EmptyBitSet.java
 jadx.core.utils.EmptyBitSet
jadx/core/dex/visitors/DotGraphVisitor.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.DotGraphVisitor
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.DotGraphVisitor$DumpDotGraph
jadx/core/utils/EncodedValueUtils.java
 jadx.core.utils.EncodedValueUtils
 jadx.core.utils.EncodedValueUtils$1
jadx/core/dex/visitors/blocksmaker/BlockExceptionHandler.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.blocksmaker.BlockExceptionHandler
jadx/core/dex/visitors/FixAccessModifiers.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.FixAccessModifiers
jadx/core/utils/CacheStorage.java
 jadx.core.utils.CacheStorage
jadx/core/codegen/json/JsonCodeGen.java
 jadx.core.codegen.json.JsonCodeGen
jadx/core/dex/visitors/blocksmaker/BlockFinish.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.blocksmaker.BlockFinish
jadx/core/dex/instructions/InvokeType.java
 jadx.core.dex.instructions.InvokeType
jadx/core/dex/trycatch/SplitterBlockAttr.java
 jadx.core.dex.trycatch.SplitterBlockAttr
jadx/core/dex/visitors/JadxVisitor.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.JadxVisitor
jadx/api/impl/InMemoryCodeCache.java
 jadx.api.impl.InMemoryCodeCache
jadx/core/dex/trycatch/ExceptionHandler.java
 jadx.core.dex.trycatch.ExceptionHandler
jadx/core/dex/visitors/methods/MutableMethodDetails.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.methods.MutableMethodDetails
jadx/core/dex/visitors/typeinference/TypeUpdateFlags.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.typeinference.TypeUpdateFlags
jadx/core/dex/nodes/InsnContainer.java
 jadx.core.dex.nodes.InsnContainer
jadx/core/dex/info/AccessInfo.java
 jadx.core.dex.info.AccessInfo
 jadx.core.dex.info.AccessInfo$1
 jadx.core.dex.info.AccessInfo$AFType
jadx/core/utils/BlockInsnPair.java
 jadx.core.utils.BlockInsnPair
jadx/core/deobf/NameMapper.java
 jadx.core.deobf.NameMapper
jadx/core/dex/instructions/TargetInsnNode.java
 jadx.core.dex.instructions.TargetInsnNode
jadx/core/codegen/AnnotationGen.java
 jadx.core.codegen.AnnotationGen
 jadx.core.codegen.AnnotationGen$1
jadx/core/dex/attributes/nodes/EnumMapAttr.java
 jadx.core.dex.attributes.nodes.EnumMapAttr
 jadx.core.dex.attributes.nodes.EnumMapAttr$KeyValueMap
jadx/core/xmlgen/ResTableParser.java
 jadx.core.xmlgen.ResTableParser
 jadx.core.xmlgen.ResTableParser$1
 jadx.core.xmlgen.ResTableParser$PackageChunk
jadx/core/dex/visitors/SignatureProcessor.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.SignatureProcessor
jadx/core/dex/visitors/typeinference/TypeBoundInvokeUse.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.typeinference.TypeBoundInvokeUse
jadx/core/dex/nodes/MethodNode.java
 jadx.core.dex.nodes.MethodNode
jadx/core/xmlgen/ResourceStorage.java
 jadx.core.xmlgen.ResourceStorage
jadx/core/utils/BlockUtils.java
 jadx.core.utils.BlockUtils
jadx/core/dex/visitors/ssa/SSATransform.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.ssa.SSATransform
jadx/core/dex/visitors/IDexTreeVisitor.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.IDexTreeVisitor
jadx/api/impl/SimpleCodeInfo.java
 jadx.api.impl.SimpleCodeInfo
jadx/core/dex/visitors/usage/UseSet.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.usage.UseSet
jadx/core/utils/exceptions/DecodeException.java
 jadx.core.utils.exceptions.DecodeException
jadx/core/xmlgen/entry/EntryConfig.java
 jadx.core.xmlgen.entry.EntryConfig
jadx/core/dex/visitors/blocksmaker/helpers/FinallyExtractInfo.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.blocksmaker.helpers.FinallyExtractInfo
jadx/core/dex/visitors/ShadowFieldVisitor.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.ShadowFieldVisitor
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.ShadowFieldVisitor$1
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.ShadowFieldVisitor$FieldFixInfo
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.ShadowFieldVisitor$FieldFixType
jadx/core/dex/instructions/ConstClassNode.java
 jadx.core.dex.instructions.ConstClassNode
jadx/core/clsp/ClspMethod.java
 jadx.core.clsp.ClspMethod
jadx/core/dex/visitors/regions/RegionStack.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.regions.RegionStack
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.regions.RegionStack$State
jadx/core/dex/regions/SynchronizedRegion.java
 jadx.core.dex.regions.SynchronizedRegion
jadx/core/dex/instructions/args/NamedArg.java
 jadx.core.dex.instructions.args.NamedArg
jadx/core/dex/attributes/annotations/MethodParameters.java
 jadx.core.dex.attributes.annotations.MethodParameters
jadx/core/clsp/ClspClass.java
 jadx.core.clsp.ClspClass
jadx/core/export/ExportGradleProject.java
 jadx.core.export.ExportGradleProject
jadx/core/dex/nodes/IUsageInfoNode.java
 jadx.core.dex.nodes.IUsageInfoNode
jadx/core/dex/visitors/regions/CleanRegions.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.regions.CleanRegions
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.regions.CleanRegions$1
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.regions.CleanRegions$RemoveRegionVisitor
jadx/api/ResourceType.java
 jadx.api.ResourceType
jadx/core/dex/regions/conditions/Compare.java
 jadx.core.dex.regions.conditions.Compare
jadx/core/dex/visitors/typeinference/ITypeConstraint.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.typeinference.ITypeConstraint
jadx/core/dex/instructions/ArithOp.java
 jadx.core.dex.instructions.ArithOp
 jadx.core.dex.instructions.ArithOp$1
jadx/core/dex/regions/conditions/IfCondition.java
 jadx.core.dex.regions.conditions.IfCondition
 jadx.core.dex.regions.conditions.IfCondition$1
 jadx.core.dex.regions.conditions.IfCondition$Mode
jadx/core/dex/visitors/typeinference/TypeUpdateInfo.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.typeinference.TypeUpdateInfo
jadx/core/dex/visitors/shrink/CodeShrinkVisitor.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.shrink.CodeShrinkVisitor
jadx/core/dex/attributes/nodes/NotificationAttrNode.java
 jadx.core.dex.attributes.nodes.NotificationAttrNode
jadx/core/dex/nodes/utils/MethodUtils.java
 jadx.core.dex.nodes.utils.MethodUtils
jadx/core/dex/visitors/typeinference/TypeCompareEnum.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.typeinference.TypeCompareEnum
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.typeinference.TypeCompareEnum$1
jadx/core/dex/visitors/blocksmaker/BlockProcessor.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.blocksmaker.BlockProcessor
jadx/api/JavaPackage.java
 jadx.api.JavaPackage
jadx/api/impl/NoOpCodeCache.java
 jadx.api.impl.NoOpCodeCache
jadx/core/dex/attributes/nodes/JadxError.java
 jadx.core.dex.attributes.nodes.JadxError
jadx/api/JavaMethod.java
 jadx.api.JavaMethod
jadx/core/clsp/ClsSet.java
 jadx.core.clsp.ClsSet
 jadx.core.clsp.ClsSet$1
 jadx.core.clsp.ClsSet$TypeEnum
jadx/core/dex/visitors/ssa/RenameState.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.ssa.RenameState
jadx/core/clsp/SimpleMethodDetails.java
 jadx.core.clsp.SimpleMethodDetails
jadx/core/dex/visitors/regions/variables/ProcessVariables.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.regions.variables.ProcessVariables
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.regions.variables.ProcessVariables$1
jadx/core/dex/attributes/nodes/LoopInfo.java
 jadx.core.dex.attributes.nodes.LoopInfo
jadx/core/dex/attributes/nodes/ForceReturnAttr.java
 jadx.core.dex.attributes.nodes.ForceReturnAttr
jadx/core/xmlgen/entry/ResourceEntry.java
 jadx.core.xmlgen.entry.ResourceEntry
jadx/core/dex/visitors/shrink/WrapInfo.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.shrink.WrapInfo
jadx/core/dex/nodes/ProcessState.java
 jadx.core.dex.nodes.ProcessState
jadx/core/dex/visitors/regions/RegionMakerVisitor.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.regions.RegionMakerVisitor
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.regions.RegionMakerVisitor$1
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.regions.RegionMakerVisitor$PostRegionVisitor
jadx/core/dex/attributes/nodes/MethodInlineAttr.java
 jadx.core.dex.attributes.nodes.MethodInlineAttr
jadx/core/dex/attributes/nodes/MethodTypeVarsAttr.java
 jadx.core.dex.attributes.nodes.MethodTypeVarsAttr
jadx/core/dex/visitors/typeinference/AbstractTypeConstraint.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.typeinference.AbstractTypeConstraint
jadx/core/dex/attributes/annotations/AnnotationsList.java
 jadx.core.dex.attributes.annotations.AnnotationsList
jadx/core/dex/attributes/nodes/EdgeInsnAttr.java
 jadx.core.dex.attributes.nodes.EdgeInsnAttr
jadx/core/dex/trycatch/ExcHandlerAttr.java
 jadx.core.dex.trycatch.ExcHandlerAttr
jadx/core/dex/nodes/IBlock.java
 jadx.core.dex.nodes.IBlock
jadx/core/deobf/DeobfClsInfo.java
 jadx.core.deobf.DeobfClsInfo
jadx/core/dex/visitors/ConstInlineVisitor.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.ConstInlineVisitor
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.ConstInlineVisitor$1
jadx/core/dex/instructions/PhiInsn.java
 jadx.core.dex.instructions.PhiInsn
jadx/core/dex/attributes/nodes/FieldReplaceAttr.java
 jadx.core.dex.attributes.nodes.FieldReplaceAttr
 jadx.core.dex.attributes.nodes.FieldReplaceAttr$ReplaceWith
jadx/core/dex/visitors/FallbackModeVisitor.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.FallbackModeVisitor
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.FallbackModeVisitor$1
jadx/core/dex/regions/SwitchRegion.java
 jadx.core.dex.regions.SwitchRegion
 jadx.core.dex.regions.SwitchRegion$CaseInfo
jadx/core/Consts.java
 jadx.core.Consts
jadx/api/JadxArgs.java
 jadx.api.JadxArgs
 jadx.api.JadxArgs$OutputFormatEnum
 jadx.api.JadxArgs$RenameEnum
jadx/core/dex/attributes/nodes/LineAttrNode.java
 jadx.core.dex.attributes.nodes.LineAttrNode
jadx/core/utils/exceptions/JadxArgsValidateException.java
 jadx.core.utils.exceptions.JadxArgsValidateException
jadx/core/dex/visitors/shrink/ArgsInfo.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.shrink.ArgsInfo
jadx/core/ProcessClass.java
 jadx.core.ProcessClass
jadx/core/dex/instructions/BaseInvokeNode.java
 jadx.core.dex.instructions.BaseInvokeNode
jadx/core/dex/nodes/BlockNode.java
 jadx.core.dex.nodes.BlockNode
jadx/core/dex/visitors/typeinference/BoundEnum.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.typeinference.BoundEnum
jadx/core/dex/attributes/nodes/SourceFileAttr.java
 jadx.core.dex.attributes.nodes.SourceFileAttr
jadx/core/deobf/DeobfPresets.java
 jadx.core.deobf.DeobfPresets
jadx/core/dex/visitors/typeinference/TypeUpdateRegistry.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.typeinference.TypeUpdateRegistry
jadx/core/dex/visitors/MethodInvokeVisitor.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.MethodInvokeVisitor
jadx/core/dex/visitors/GenericTypesVisitor.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.GenericTypesVisitor
jadx/core/dex/attributes/nodes/MethodOverrideAttr.java
 jadx.core.dex.attributes.nodes.MethodOverrideAttr
jadx/core/dex/instructions/args/InsnArg.java
 jadx.core.dex.instructions.args.InsnArg
 jadx.core.dex.instructions.args.InsnArg$1
jadx/core/clsp/ClspGraph.java
 jadx.core.clsp.ClspGraph
jadx/core/dex/regions/loops/LoopRegion.java
 jadx.core.dex.regions.loops.LoopRegion
jadx/core/dex/attributes/nodes/LocalVarsDebugInfoAttr.java
 jadx.core.dex.attributes.nodes.LocalVarsDebugInfoAttr
jadx/core/dex/info/ConstStorage.java
 jadx.core.dex.info.ConstStorage
 jadx.core.dex.info.ConstStorage$1
 jadx.core.dex.info.ConstStorage$ValueStorage
jadx/core/dex/visitors/regions/ReturnVisitor.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.regions.ReturnVisitor
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.regions.ReturnVisitor$1
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.regions.ReturnVisitor$ReturnRemoverVisitor
jadx/core/dex/nodes/IRegion.java
 jadx.core.dex.nodes.IRegion
jadx/core/xmlgen/ResContainer.java
 jadx.core.xmlgen.ResContainer
 jadx.core.xmlgen.ResContainer$DataType
jadx/core/dex/info/InfoStorage.java
 jadx.core.dex.info.InfoStorage
jadx/core/dex/visitors/usage/UsageInfoVisitor.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.usage.UsageInfoVisitor
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.usage.UsageInfoVisitor$1
jadx/core/dex/visitors/regions/RegionMaker.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.regions.RegionMaker
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.regions.RegionMaker$1
jadx/core/dex/visitors/regions/ProcessTryCatchRegions.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.regions.ProcessTryCatchRegions
jadx/core/utils/exceptions/JadxRuntimeException.java
 jadx.core.utils.exceptions.JadxRuntimeException
jadx/core/utils/kotlin/KotlinMetadataUtils.java
 jadx.core.utils.kotlin.KotlinMetadataUtils
jadx/core/dex/regions/loops/ForEachLoop.java
 jadx.core.dex.regions.loops.ForEachLoop
jadx/core/codegen/CodeGen.java
 jadx.core.codegen.CodeGen
 jadx.core.codegen.CodeGen$1
jadx/core/dex/regions/AbstractRegion.java
 jadx.core.dex.regions.AbstractRegion
jadx/core/dex/visitors/regions/IRegionVisitor.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.regions.IRegionVisitor
jadx/core/codegen/json/mapping/JsonFieldMapping.java
 jadx.core.codegen.json.mapping.JsonFieldMapping
jadx/core/xmlgen/XmlDeobf.java
 jadx.core.xmlgen.XmlDeobf
jadx/core/dex/regions/TryCatchRegion.java
 jadx.core.dex.regions.TryCatchRegion
jadx/core/dex/instructions/args/LiteralArg.java
 jadx.core.dex.instructions.args.LiteralArg
jadx/core/dex/visitors/ProcessInstructionsVisitor.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.ProcessInstructionsVisitor
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.ProcessInstructionsVisitor$1
jadx/core/dex/instructions/InsnDecoder.java
 jadx.core.dex.instructions.InsnDecoder
 jadx.core.dex.instructions.InsnDecoder$1
jadx/core/export/TemplateFile.java
 jadx.core.export.TemplateFile
 jadx.core.export.TemplateFile$1
 jadx.core.export.TemplateFile$ParserState
 jadx.core.export.TemplateFile$State
jadx/core/dex/instructions/IndexInsnNode.java
 jadx.core.dex.instructions.IndexInsnNode
 jadx.core.dex.instructions.IndexInsnNode$1
jadx/core/utils/exceptions/CodegenException.java
 jadx.core.utils.exceptions.CodegenException
jadx/core/dex/regions/conditions/IfInfo.java
 jadx.core.dex.regions.conditions.IfInfo
jadx/core/utils/RegionUtils.java
 jadx.core.utils.RegionUtils
jadx/core/dex/nodes/utils/TypeUtils.java
 jadx.core.dex.nodes.utils.TypeUtils
jadx/core/xmlgen/ParserConstants.java
 jadx.core.xmlgen.ParserConstants
jadx/core/dex/visitors/typeinference/TypeBoundCheckCastAssign.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.typeinference.TypeBoundCheckCastAssign
jadx/core/utils/Utils.java
 jadx.core.utils.Utils
 jadx.core.utils.Utils$1
jadx/core/dex/visitors/typeinference/ITypeBound.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.typeinference.ITypeBound
jadx/core/dex/regions/Region.java
 jadx.core.dex.regions.Region
jadx/core/dex/visitors/regions/variables/CollectUsageRegionVisitor.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.regions.variables.CollectUsageRegionVisitor
jadx/api/CodePosition.java
 jadx.api.CodePosition
jadx/core/dex/visitors/AttachTryCatchVisitor.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.AttachTryCatchVisitor
jadx/core/dex/instructions/FilledNewArrayNode.java
 jadx.core.dex.instructions.FilledNewArrayNode
jadx/core/dex/attributes/IAttribute.java
 jadx.core.dex.attributes.IAttribute
jadx/core/dex/visitors/ModVisitor.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.ModVisitor
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.ModVisitor$1
jadx/core/dex/instructions/FillArrayData.java
 jadx.core.dex.instructions.FillArrayData
jadx/core/dex/visitors/typeinference/ITypeBoundDynamic.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.typeinference.ITypeBoundDynamic
jadx/core/dex/attributes/nodes/EnumClassAttr.java
 jadx.core.dex.attributes.nodes.EnumClassAttr
 jadx.core.dex.attributes.nodes.EnumClassAttr$EnumField
jadx/core/dex/nodes/IMethodDetails.java
 jadx.core.dex.nodes.IMethodDetails
jadx/core/dex/info/MethodInfo.java
 jadx.core.dex.info.MethodInfo
jadx/core/utils/InsnList.java
 jadx.core.utils.InsnList
jadx/core/dex/nodes/RootNode.java
 jadx.core.dex.nodes.RootNode
jadx/core/dex/instructions/args/Typed.java
 jadx.core.dex.instructions.args.Typed
jadx/core/codegen/InsnGen.java
 jadx.core.codegen.InsnGen
 jadx.core.codegen.InsnGen$1
 jadx.core.codegen.InsnGen$Flags
jadx/core/dex/visitors/typeinference/TypeBoundConst.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.typeinference.TypeBoundConst
jadx/core/dex/info/ClassInfo.java
 jadx.core.dex.info.ClassInfo
jadx/core/dex/attributes/AFlag.java
 jadx.core.dex.attributes.AFlag
jadx/core/dex/instructions/args/SSAVar.java
 jadx.core.dex.instructions.args.SSAVar
jadx/core/dex/instructions/SwitchInsn.java
 jadx.core.dex.instructions.SwitchInsn
jadx/core/codegen/ClassGen.java
 jadx.core.codegen.ClassGen
jadx/core/dex/attributes/AttributeStorage.java
 jadx.core.dex.attributes.AttributeStorage
jadx/core/codegen/json/mapping/JsonMthMapping.java
 jadx.core.codegen.json.mapping.JsonMthMapping
jadx/core/dex/instructions/args/ArgType.java
 jadx.core.dex.instructions.args.ArgType
 jadx.core.dex.instructions.args.ArgType$1
 jadx.core.dex.instructions.args.ArgType$ArrayArg
 jadx.core.dex.instructions.args.ArgType$GenericObject
 jadx.core.dex.instructions.args.ArgType$GenericType
 jadx.core.dex.instructions.args.ArgType$KnownType
 jadx.core.dex.instructions.args.ArgType$ObjectType
 jadx.core.dex.instructions.args.ArgType$OuterGenericObject
 jadx.core.dex.instructions.args.ArgType$PrimitiveArg
 jadx.core.dex.instructions.args.ArgType$UnknownArg
 jadx.core.dex.instructions.args.ArgType$WildcardBound
 jadx.core.dex.instructions.args.ArgType$WildcardType
jadx/core/dex/visitors/typeinference/TypeUpdateEntry.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.typeinference.TypeUpdateEntry
jadx/core/dex/attributes/nodes/JumpInfo.java
 jadx.core.dex.attributes.nodes.JumpInfo
jadx/core/dex/nodes/InsnNode.java
 jadx.core.dex.nodes.InsnNode
 jadx.core.dex.nodes.InsnNode$1
jadx/core/dex/attributes/AttrNode.java
 jadx.core.dex.attributes.AttrNode
jadx/core/dex/visitors/debuginfo/DebugInfoAttachVisitor.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.debuginfo.DebugInfoAttachVisitor
jadx/core/utils/DebugChecks.java
 jadx.core.utils.DebugChecks
jadx/core/dex/visitors/regions/IfMakerHelper.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.regions.IfMakerHelper
jadx/core/dex/visitors/typeinference/TypeBoundInvokeAssign.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.typeinference.TypeBoundInvokeAssign
jadx/core/xmlgen/entry/RawNamedValue.java
 jadx.core.xmlgen.entry.RawNamedValue
jadx/core/dex/attributes/IAttributeNode.java
 jadx.core.dex.attributes.IAttributeNode
jadx/api/ResourcesLoader.java
 jadx.api.ResourcesLoader
 jadx.api.ResourcesLoader$1
 jadx.api.ResourcesLoader$ResourceDecoder
jadx/core/dex/instructions/IfNode.java
 jadx.core.dex.instructions.IfNode
jadx/core/utils/ImmutableList.java
 jadx.core.utils.ImmutableList
 jadx.core.utils.ImmutableList$1
jadx/core/dex/visitors/regions/variables/UsePlace.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.regions.variables.UsePlace
jadx/core/dex/attributes/nodes/DeclareVariablesAttr.java
 jadx.core.dex.attributes.nodes.DeclareVariablesAttr
jadx/core/dex/visitors/regions/LoopRegionVisitor.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.regions.LoopRegionVisitor
jadx/core/dex/trycatch/TryCatchBlock.java
 jadx.core.dex.trycatch.TryCatchBlock
jadx/core/dex/visitors/debuginfo/DebugInfoApplyVisitor.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.debuginfo.DebugInfoApplyVisitor
jadx/core/dex/attributes/nodes/LoopLabelAttr.java
 jadx.core.dex.attributes.nodes.LoopLabelAttr
jadx/core/dex/visitors/typeinference/TypeInferenceVisitor.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.typeinference.TypeInferenceVisitor
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.typeinference.TypeInferenceVisitor$1
jadx/core/utils/InsnUtils.java
 jadx.core.utils.InsnUtils
 jadx.core.utils.InsnUtils$1
jadx/core/dex/instructions/mods/ConstructorInsn.java
 jadx.core.dex.instructions.mods.ConstructorInsn
 jadx.core.dex.instructions.mods.ConstructorInsn$CallType
jadx/core/dex/visitors/OverrideMethodVisitor.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.OverrideMethodVisitor
jadx/core/xmlgen/ManifestAttributes.java
 jadx.core.xmlgen.ManifestAttributes
 jadx.core.xmlgen.ManifestAttributes$MAttr
 jadx.core.xmlgen.ManifestAttributes$MAttrType
jadx/core/dex/nodes/IBranchRegion.java
 jadx.core.dex.nodes.IBranchRegion
jadx/core/dex/attributes/FieldInitAttr.java
 jadx.core.dex.attributes.FieldInitAttr
 jadx.core.dex.attributes.FieldInitAttr$InitType
jadx/core/utils/exceptions/JadxOverflowException.java
 jadx.core.utils.exceptions.JadxOverflowException
jadx/core/dex/instructions/args/InsnWrapArg.java
 jadx.core.dex.instructions.args.InsnWrapArg
jadx/core/dex/instructions/InvokeNode.java
 jadx.core.dex.instructions.InvokeNode
jadx/core/dex/attributes/nodes/PhiListAttr.java
 jadx.core.dex.attributes.nodes.PhiListAttr
jadx/core/codegen/TypeGen.java
 jadx.core.codegen.TypeGen
 jadx.core.codegen.TypeGen$1
jadx/core/Jadx.java
 jadx.core.Jadx
jadx/core/dex/info/ClassAliasInfo.java
 jadx.core.dex.info.ClassAliasInfo
jadx/core/xmlgen/XmlSecurity.java
 jadx.core.xmlgen.XmlSecurity
jadx/core/dex/attributes/AttrList.java
 jadx.core.dex.attributes.AttrList
jadx/core/utils/exceptions/JadxException.java
 jadx.core.utils.exceptions.JadxException
jadx/core/codegen/json/mapping/JsonClsMapping.java
 jadx.core.codegen.json.mapping.JsonClsMapping
jadx/core/codegen/CodeWriter.java
 jadx.core.codegen.CodeWriter
 jadx.core.codegen.CodeWriter$1
 jadx.core.codegen.CodeWriter$DefinitionWrapper
jadx/core/dex/visitors/typeinference/ITypeListener.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.typeinference.ITypeListener
jadx/core/utils/DebugUtils.java
 jadx.core.utils.DebugUtils
 jadx.core.utils.DebugUtils$1
 jadx.core.utils.DebugUtils$2
 jadx.core.utils.DebugUtils$3
jadx/core/dex/instructions/args/PrimitiveType.java
 jadx.core.dex.instructions.args.PrimitiveType
jadx/core/deobf/OverridedMethodsNode.java
 jadx.core.deobf.OverridedMethodsNode
jadx/core/dex/visitors/ConstructorVisitor.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.ConstructorVisitor
jadx/core/codegen/NameGen.java
 jadx.core.codegen.NameGen
 jadx.core.codegen.NameGen$1
jadx/core/dex/visitors/typeinference/TypeUpdateResult.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.typeinference.TypeUpdateResult
jadx/core/codegen/json/mapping/JsonMapping.java
 jadx.core.codegen.json.mapping.JsonMapping
jadx/core/dex/regions/loops/ForLoop.java
 jadx.core.dex.regions.loops.ForLoop
jadx/core/dex/visitors/regions/variables/VarUsage.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.regions.variables.VarUsage
jadx/core/dex/visitors/ReSugarCode.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.ReSugarCode
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.ReSugarCode$1
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.ReSugarCode$EnumMapInfo
jadx/core/dex/instructions/args/CodeVar.java
 jadx.core.dex.instructions.args.CodeVar
jadx/core/dex/visitors/regions/IfRegionVisitor.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.regions.IfRegionVisitor
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.regions.IfRegionVisitor$1
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.regions.IfRegionVisitor$ProcessIfRegionVisitor
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.regions.IfRegionVisitor$RemoveRedundantElseVisitor
jadx/core/dex/visitors/SaveCode.java
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.SaveCode
 jadx.core.dex.visitors.SaveCode$1
