com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/parser/TraceReader.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.parser.TraceReader
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.parser.TraceReader$KeyOnlyTraceReader
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/membership/bloom/FastFilter.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.membership.bloom.FastFilter
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.membership.bloom.FastFilter$FastFilterSettings
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/admission/tinycache/TinyCache.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.admission.tinycache.TinyCache
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/admission/countmin4/PeriodicResetCountMin4.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.admission.countmin4.PeriodicResetCountMin4
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/report/ReportFormat.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.report.ReportFormat
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/admission/countmin4/IncrementalResetCountMin4.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.admission.countmin4.IncrementalResetCountMin4
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/Simulator.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.Simulator
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.Simulator$Message
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/admission/table/RandomRemovalFrequencyTable.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.admission.table.RandomRemovalFrequencyTable
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/parser/Rewriter.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.parser.Rewriter
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/policy/irr/LirsPolicy.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.irr.LirsPolicy
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.irr.LirsPolicy$LirsSettings
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.irr.LirsPolicy$Node
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.irr.LirsPolicy$StackType
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.irr.LirsPolicy$Status
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/policy/sketch/climbing/inference/IndicatorClimber.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.sketch.climbing.inference.IndicatorClimber
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/policy/sketch/climbing/AbstractClimber.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.sketch.climbing.AbstractClimber
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/parser/snia/cambridge/CambridgeTraceReader.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.parser.snia.cambridge.CambridgeTraceReader
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/policy/sketch/tinycache/TinyCacheWithGhostCachePolicy.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.sketch.tinycache.TinyCacheWithGhostCachePolicy
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/parser/climb/ClimbTraceWriter.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.parser.climb.ClimbTraceWriter
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/policy/Registry.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.Registry
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.Registry$Factory
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/policy/sketch/segment/FullySegmentedWindowTinyLfuPolicy.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.sketch.segment.FullySegmentedWindowTinyLfuPolicy
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.sketch.segment.FullySegmentedWindowTinyLfuPolicy$FullySegmentedWindowTinyLfuSettings
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.sketch.segment.FullySegmentedWindowTinyLfuPolicy$Node
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.sketch.segment.FullySegmentedWindowTinyLfuPolicy$Status
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/admission/tinycache/TinyCacheSketch.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.admission.tinycache.TinyCacheSketch
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/policy/sketch/tinycache/TinyCachePolicy.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.sketch.tinycache.TinyCachePolicy
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/parser/BinaryTraceReader.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.parser.BinaryTraceReader
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.parser.BinaryTraceReader$TraceIterator
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/policy/product/ElasticSearchPolicy.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.product.ElasticSearchPolicy
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/policy/sketch/segment/RandomWindowTinyLfuPolicy.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.sketch.segment.RandomWindowTinyLfuPolicy
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.sketch.segment.RandomWindowTinyLfuPolicy$Node
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.sketch.segment.RandomWindowTinyLfuPolicy$RandomWindowTinyLfuSettings
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/policy/sketch/climbing/gradient/Stochastic.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.sketch.climbing.gradient.Stochastic
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.sketch.climbing.gradient.Stochastic$1
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.sketch.climbing.gradient.Stochastic$Acceleration
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.sketch.climbing.gradient.Stochastic$StochasticSettings
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/admission/countmin64/CountMin64.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.admission.countmin64.CountMin64
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/parser/scarab/ScarabTraceReader.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.parser.scarab.ScarabTraceReader
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/membership/bloom/GuavaBloomFilter.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.membership.bloom.GuavaBloomFilter
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/policy/product/Cache2kPolicy.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.product.Cache2kPolicy
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/admission/tinycache/TinyCacheWithGhostCache.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.admission.tinycache.TinyCacheWithGhostCache
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/admission/Admission.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.admission.Admission
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/admission/tinycache/TinySetIndexing.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.admission.tinycache.TinySetIndexing
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/membership/FilterType.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.membership.FilterType
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/parser/AbstractTraceReader.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.parser.AbstractTraceReader
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/policy/sketch/climbing/gradient/Nadam.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.sketch.climbing.gradient.Nadam
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.sketch.climbing.gradient.Nadam$NadamSettings
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/admission/perfect/PerfectFrequency.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.admission.perfect.PerfectFrequency
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/parser/lirs/LirsTraceReader.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.parser.lirs.LirsTraceReader
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/report/Reporter.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.report.Reporter
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/parser/climb/ClimbTraceReader.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.parser.climb.ClimbTraceReader
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.parser.climb.ClimbTraceReader$TraceIterator
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/admission/tinycache/HashFunctionParser.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.admission.tinycache.HashFunctionParser
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/policy/sketch/climbing/sim/MiniSimClimber.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.sketch.climbing.sim.MiniSimClimber
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.sketch.climbing.sim.MiniSimClimber$MiniSimSettings
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/parser/wikipedia/WikipediaTraceReader.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.parser.wikipedia.WikipediaTraceReader
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/policy/sketch/climbing/gradient/AmsGrad.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.sketch.climbing.gradient.AmsGrad
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.sketch.climbing.gradient.AmsGrad$AmsGradSettings
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/policy/linked/MultiQueuePolicy.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.linked.MultiQueuePolicy
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.linked.MultiQueuePolicy$MultiQueueSettings
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.linked.MultiQueuePolicy$Node
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/policy/linked/LinkedPolicy.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.linked.LinkedPolicy
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.linked.LinkedPolicy$1
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.linked.LinkedPolicy$EvictionPolicy
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.linked.LinkedPolicy$EvictionPolicy$1
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.linked.LinkedPolicy$EvictionPolicy$2
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.linked.LinkedPolicy$EvictionPolicy$3
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.linked.LinkedPolicy$EvictionPolicy$4
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.linked.LinkedPolicy$Node
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/membership/Membership.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.membership.DisabledMembership
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.membership.Membership
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/policy/product/GuavaPolicy.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.product.GuavaPolicy
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/policy/PolicyActor.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.PolicyActor
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/policy/sampled/SampledPolicy.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.sampled.SampledPolicy
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.sampled.SampledPolicy$1
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.sampled.SampledPolicy$EvictionPolicy
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.sampled.SampledPolicy$EvictionPolicy$1
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.sampled.SampledPolicy$EvictionPolicy$2
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.sampled.SampledPolicy$EvictionPolicy$3
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.sampled.SampledPolicy$EvictionPolicy$4
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.sampled.SampledPolicy$EvictionPolicy$5
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.sampled.SampledPolicy$EvictionPolicy$6
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.sampled.SampledPolicy$EvictionPolicy$7
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.sampled.SampledPolicy$Node
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.sampled.SampledPolicy$Sample
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.sampled.SampledPolicy$Sample$1
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.sampled.SampledPolicy$Sample$2
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.sampled.SampledPolicy$Sample$3
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.sampled.SampledPolicy$SampledSettings
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/parser/TextTraceReader.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.parser.TextTraceReader
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/policy/sketch/segment/S4WindowTinyLfuPolicy.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.sketch.segment.S4WindowTinyLfuPolicy
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.sketch.segment.S4WindowTinyLfuPolicy$Node
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.sketch.segment.S4WindowTinyLfuPolicy$S4WindowTinyLfuSettings
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.sketch.segment.S4WindowTinyLfuPolicy$Status
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/parser/cache2k/Cache2kTraceReader.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.parser.cache2k.Cache2kTraceReader
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/policy/product/ExpiringMapPolicy.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.product.ExpiringMapPolicy
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.product.ExpiringMapPolicy$ExpiringMapSettings
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/parser/kaggle/OutbrainTraceReader.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.parser.kaggle.OutbrainTraceReader
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/admission/Frequency.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.admission.Frequency
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/policy/irr/ClockProPolicy.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.irr.ClockProPolicy
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.irr.ClockProPolicy$Node
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.irr.ClockProPolicy$Status
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/policy/sketch/WindowTinyLfuPolicy.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.sketch.WindowTinyLfuPolicy
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.sketch.WindowTinyLfuPolicy$Node
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.sketch.WindowTinyLfuPolicy$Status
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.sketch.WindowTinyLfuPolicy$WindowTinyLfuSettings
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/policy/adaptive/CarPolicy.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.adaptive.CarPolicy
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.adaptive.CarPolicy$Node
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.adaptive.CarPolicy$QueueType
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/policy/sketch/climbing/gradient/Adam.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.sketch.climbing.gradient.Adam
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.sketch.climbing.gradient.Adam$AdamSettings
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/policy/sketch/climbing/hill/SimpleClimber.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.sketch.climbing.hill.SimpleClimber
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.sketch.climbing.hill.SimpleClimber$SimpleClimberSettings
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/admission/countmin4/IndicatorResetCountMin4.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.admission.countmin4.IndicatorResetCountMin4
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/policy/product/CaffeinePolicy.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.product.CaffeinePolicy
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/Synthetic.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.Synthetic
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/policy/irr/HillClimberFrdPolicy.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.irr.HillClimberFrdPolicy
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.irr.HillClimberFrdPolicy$FrdSettings
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.irr.HillClimberFrdPolicy$Node
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.irr.HillClimberFrdPolicy$StackType
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.irr.HillClimberFrdPolicy$Status
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/policy/product/CollisionPolicy.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.product.CollisionPolicy
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.product.CollisionPolicy$CollisionSettings
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.product.CollisionPolicy$Density
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/policy/sketch/feedback/FeedbackTinyLfuPolicy.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.sketch.feedback.FeedbackTinyLfuPolicy
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.sketch.feedback.FeedbackTinyLfuPolicy$FeedbackTinyLfuSettings
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.sketch.feedback.FeedbackTinyLfuPolicy$Node
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/policy/sketch/climbing/HillClimberWindowTinyLfuPolicy.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.sketch.climbing.HillClimberWindowTinyLfuPolicy
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.sketch.climbing.HillClimberWindowTinyLfuPolicy$HillClimberWindowTinyLfuSettings
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.sketch.climbing.HillClimberWindowTinyLfuPolicy$Node
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/report/TextReporter.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.report.TextReporter
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/parser/address/AddressTraceReader.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.parser.address.AddressTraceReader
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/policy/product/Ehcache3Policy.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.product.Ehcache3Policy
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/parser/camelab/CamelabTraceReader.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.parser.camelab.CamelabTraceReader
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/policy/sketch/feedback/FeedbackWindowTinyLfuPolicy.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.sketch.feedback.FeedbackWindowTinyLfuPolicy
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.sketch.feedback.FeedbackWindowTinyLfuPolicy$FeedbackWindowTinyLfuSettings
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.sketch.feedback.FeedbackWindowTinyLfuPolicy$Node
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.sketch.feedback.FeedbackWindowTinyLfuPolicy$Status
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/policy/two_queue/TwoQueuePolicy.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.two_queue.TwoQueuePolicy
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.two_queue.TwoQueuePolicy$1
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.two_queue.TwoQueuePolicy$Node
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.two_queue.TwoQueuePolicy$QueueType
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.two_queue.TwoQueuePolicy$TwoQueueSettings
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/policy/sketch/climbing/HillClimber.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.sketch.climbing.HillClimber
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.sketch.climbing.HillClimber$1
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.sketch.climbing.HillClimber$Adaptation
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.sketch.climbing.HillClimber$Adaptation$Type
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.sketch.climbing.HillClimber$QueueType
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/policy/sketch/tinycache/WindowTinyCachePolicy.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.sketch.tinycache.WindowTinyCachePolicy
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/policy/AccessEvent.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.AccessEvent
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.AccessEvent$1
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.AccessEvent$PenaltiesAccessEvent
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.AccessEvent$WeightedAccessEvent
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/policy/opt/UnboundedPolicy.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.opt.UnboundedPolicy
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/policy/adaptive/CartPolicy.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.adaptive.CartPolicy
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.adaptive.CartPolicy$FilterType
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.adaptive.CartPolicy$Node
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.adaptive.CartPolicy$QueueType
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/policy/PolicyStats.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.PolicyStats
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/parser/TextTraceWriter.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.parser.TextTraceWriter
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/policy/Policy.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.Policy
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.Policy$Characteristic
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.Policy$KeyOnlyPolicy
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/policy/sketch/climbing/HillClimberType.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.sketch.climbing.HillClimberType
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/parser/corda/CordaTraceReader.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.parser.corda.CordaTraceReader
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/policy/linked/S4LruPolicy.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.linked.S4LruPolicy
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.linked.S4LruPolicy$Node
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.linked.S4LruPolicy$S4LruSettings
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/admission/countmin64/CountMin64TinyLfu.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.admission.countmin64.CountMin64TinyLfu
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/policy/opt/ClairvoyantPolicy.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.opt.ClairvoyantPolicy
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/admission/countmin4/ClimberResetCountMin4.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.admission.countmin4.ClimberResetCountMin4
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/parser/adapt_size/AdaptSizeTraceWriter.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.parser.adapt_size.AdaptSizeTraceWriter
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/policy/linked/SegmentedLruPolicy.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.linked.SegmentedLruPolicy
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.linked.SegmentedLruPolicy$Node
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.linked.SegmentedLruPolicy$QueueType
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.linked.SegmentedLruPolicy$SegmentedLruSettings
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/policy/sketch/Indicator.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.sketch.Indicator
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.sketch.Indicator$1
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.sketch.Indicator$EstSkew
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.sketch.Indicator$Hinter
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.sketch.Indicator$IndicatorSettings
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/parser/OutputFormat.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.parser.OutputFormat
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/policy/adaptive/ArcPolicy.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.adaptive.ArcPolicy
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.adaptive.ArcPolicy$Node
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.adaptive.ArcPolicy$QueueType
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/policy/sketch/climbing/hill/SimulatedAnnealingClimber.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.sketch.climbing.hill.SimulatedAnnealingClimber
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.sketch.climbing.hill.SimulatedAnnealingClimber$SimulatedAnnealingSettings
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/policy/sketch/segment/LruWindowTinyLfuPolicy.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.sketch.segment.LruWindowTinyLfuPolicy
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.sketch.segment.LruWindowTinyLfuPolicy$LruWindowTinyLfuSettings
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.sketch.segment.LruWindowTinyLfuPolicy$Node
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.sketch.segment.LruWindowTinyLfuPolicy$Status
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/parser/adapt_size/AdaptSizeTraceReader.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.parser.adapt_size.AdaptSizeTraceReader
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/parser/umass/storage/StorageTraceReader.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.parser.umass.storage.StorageTraceReader
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/parser/address/penalties/AddressPenaltiesTraceReader.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.parser.address.penalties.AddressPenaltiesTraceReader
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/parser/TraceFormat.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.parser.TraceFormat
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.parser.TraceFormat$1
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/admission/Admittor.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.admission.Admittor
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.admission.AlwaysAdmit
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/policy/product/TCachePolicy.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.product.TCachePolicy
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.product.TCachePolicy$TCacheSettings
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/admission/countmin4/CountMin4.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.admission.countmin4.CountMin4
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/membership/bloom/BloomFilter.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.membership.bloom.BloomFilter
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/parser/umass/network/YoutubeTraceReader.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.parser.umass.network.YoutubeTraceReader
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/admission/tinycache/HashedItem.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.admission.tinycache.HashedItem
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/policy/two_queue/TuQueuePolicy.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.two_queue.TuQueuePolicy
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.two_queue.TuQueuePolicy$Node
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.two_queue.TuQueuePolicy$QueueType
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.two_queue.TuQueuePolicy$TuQueueSettings
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/parser/TraceWriter.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.parser.TraceWriter
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/policy/product/OhcPolicy.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.product.OhcPolicy
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.product.OhcPolicy$1
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.product.OhcPolicy$OhcSettings
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/policy/linked/FrequentlyUsedPolicy.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.linked.FrequentlyUsedPolicy
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.linked.FrequentlyUsedPolicy$EvictionPolicy
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.linked.FrequentlyUsedPolicy$FrequencyNode
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.linked.FrequentlyUsedPolicy$Node
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/admission/tinycache/TinyCacheAdapter.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.admission.tinycache.TinyCacheAdapter
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/parser/arc/ArcTraceReader.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.parser.arc.ArcTraceReader
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/admission/TinyLfu.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.admission.TinyLfu
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/policy/irr/FrdPolicy.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.irr.FrdPolicy
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.irr.FrdPolicy$FrdSettings
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.irr.FrdPolicy$Node
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.irr.FrdPolicy$StackType
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.irr.FrdPolicy$Status
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/parser/gradle/GradleTraceReader.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.parser.gradle.GradleTraceReader
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/report/TableReporter.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.report.TableReporter
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/report/CsvReporter.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.report.CsvReporter
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/policy/irr/IndicatorFrdPolicy.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.irr.IndicatorFrdPolicy
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.irr.IndicatorFrdPolicy$FrdSettings
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.irr.IndicatorFrdPolicy$Node
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.irr.IndicatorFrdPolicy$StackType
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.policy.irr.IndicatorFrdPolicy$Status
com/github/benmanes/caffeine/cache/simulator/BasicSettings.java
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.BasicSettings
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.BasicSettings$MembershipSettings
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.BasicSettings$ReportSettings
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.BasicSettings$SyntheticSettings
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.BasicSettings$SyntheticSettings$CounterSettings
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.BasicSettings$SyntheticSettings$ExponentialSettings
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.BasicSettings$SyntheticSettings$HotspotSettings
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.BasicSettings$SyntheticSettings$UniformSettings
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.BasicSettings$SyntheticSettings$ZipfianSettings
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.BasicSettings$TinyLfuSettings
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.BasicSettings$TinyLfuSettings$CountMin4Settings
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.BasicSettings$TinyLfuSettings$CountMin4Settings$IncrementalSettings
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.BasicSettings$TinyLfuSettings$CountMin4Settings$PeriodicSettings
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.BasicSettings$TinyLfuSettings$CountMin64Settings
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.BasicSettings$TinyLfuSettings$DoorkeeperSettings
 com.github.benmanes.caffeine.cache.simulator.BasicSettings$TraceFilesSettings
